Examples/MAX78000/UART/README.md, before:

## Description

This application demostrates a UART transaction between two serial ports on the MAX78000. 1024 bytes are transmitted between the two serial ports and the receive and transmit buffers are compared to verify a successful transmission transpired.

## Setup

##### Building Firmware:
Before building firmware you must select the correct value for _BOARD_  in "project.mk", either "EvKit\_V1" or "FTHR\_RevA", depending on the EV kit you are using to run the example.

After doing so, navigate to the directory where the example is located using a terminal window. Enter the following comand to build all of the files needed to run the example.

```
$ make
```

##### Required Connections:

If using the Standard EV Kit (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0.1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Connect JH2.2 (P0.12) to JH4.2 (P1.1).

If using the Featherboard (FTHR_RevA):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-	Connect J8.8 (P1.0) to J8.15 (P2.7)

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
**************** UART Example ******************
This example sends data from one UART to another.

Connect the TX pin of UART3 to the RX pin of UART2 for this example.

-->UART Baud    : 115200 Hz

-->Test Length  : 1024 bytes

-->UART Initialized

-->Data verified

-->Example Succeeded
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX78000/UART/README.md, after:

## Description

This application demonstrates a UART transaction between two serial ports on the MAX78000. 1024 bytes are transmitted between the two serial ports and the receive and transmit buffers are compared to verify a successful transmission transpired.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

* This project comes pre-configured for the MAX78000EVKIT.  See [Board Support Packages](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/#board-support-packages) in the UG for instructions on changing the target board.

## Required Connections

If using the MAX78000EVKIT (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0.1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Connect JH2.2 (P0.12) to JH4.2 (P1.1).

If using the MAX78000FTHR (FTHR_RevA)
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-	Connect J8.8 (P1.0) to J8.15 (P2.7)

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
**************** UART Example ******************
This example sends data from one UART to another.

Connect the TX pin of UART3 to the RX pin of UART2 for this example.

-->UART Baud    : 115200 Hz

-->Test Length  : 1024 bytes

-->UART Initialized

-->Data verified

-->Example Succeeded
```
