Examples/MAX32650/USB_CompositeDevice_MSC_CDC/README.md, before:

## Description

The example demonstartes the use of USB composite device with Mass Storage driver class and CDC-ACM driver class. After doing the required connections given below, run the program and two new devices appear in the device manager, a Portable device and COM Port. The portable device can be read and written to. Open a terminal application on the PC at 9600 baud rate, and echo the characters on the terminal.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/UART0) connector. Make sure JP11 (2-3) is connected to UART.
-   Default EV kit hardware configuration.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***** MAX32650 USB Composite Device (CDCACM and Mass Storage) Example *****
Waiting for VBUS...
VBUS Connect
Suspended
Bus Reset
Bus Reset Done: High speed
Enumeration complete...
```

Commit message:

Add UG section and build notes to all READMEs that have a description

Examples/MAX32650/USB_CompositeDevice_MSC_CDC/README.md, after:

## Description

The example demonstartes the use of USB composite device with Mass Storage driver class and CDC-ACM driver class. After doing the required connections given below, run the program and two new devices appear in the device manager, a Portable device and COM Port. The portable device can be read and written to. Open a terminal application on the PC at 9600 baud rate, and echo the characters on the terminal.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/UART0) connector. Make sure JP11 (2-3) is connected to UART.
-   Default EV kit hardware configuration.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***** MAX32650 USB Composite Device (CDCACM and Mass Storage) Example *****
Waiting for VBUS...
VBUS Connect
Suspended
Bus Reset
Bus Reset Done: High speed
Enumeration complete...
```
