Examples/MAX32650/TMR/README.md, before:

## Description

Three timers are used to demonstrate three different modes of the general purpose timers.

1. Timer 0 is used in continuous mode to create an interrupt at a frequency of 1Hz. LED0 will toggle each time the interrupt occurs.

2. Timer 1 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 3.7. The PWM frequency is 200 Hz and the duty cycle is 75%.

3. Timer 4 is used in one shot mode to illuminate LED1 after 3 sec.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-	To see the PWM output, connect to P3.7.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
************************** Timer Example **************************

1. A continuous mode timer is used to create an interrupt every 1 sec.
   LED0 (P2.25) will toggle each time the interrupt occurs.

2. Timer 1 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 3.7.
   The PWM frequency is 200 Hz and the duty cycle is 75%.

3. A one shot mode timer is used to turn on LED1 (Port 2.26) after 3 sec.

PWM started.

Continuous timer started.

Oneshot timer started.

```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32650/TMR/README.md, after:

## Description

Three timers are used to demonstrate three different modes of the general purpose timers.

1. Timer 0 is used in continuous mode to create an interrupt at a frequency of 1Hz. LED0 will toggle each time the interrupt occurs.

2. Timer 1 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 3.7. The PWM frequency is 200 Hz and the duty cycle is 75%.

3. Timer 4 is used in one shot mode to illuminate LED1 after 3 sec.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-	To see the PWM output, connect to P3.7.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
************************** Timer Example **************************

1. A continuous mode timer is used to create an interrupt every 1 sec.
   LED0 (P2.25) will toggle each time the interrupt occurs.

2. Timer 1 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 3.7.
   The PWM frequency is 200 Hz and the duty cycle is 75%.

3. A one shot mode timer is used to turn on LED1 (Port 2.26) after 3 sec.

PWM started.

Continuous timer started.

Oneshot timer started.

```
