Examples/MAX32665/Flash_CLI/README.md, before:

## Description

This example demonstates the CLI commands feature of FreeRTOS, various features of the Flash Controller (page erase and write), and how to use the TPU to compute a CRC value. In the terminal window, type the command that you wish to execute. The available commands are "write" (writes a text string to flash), "read" (reads text from flash), "erase" (erases the flash page being operated on) and "crc" (computes the CRC value of the entire flash page.) For more details on how to input these commands, enter "help" in the terminal window.

*** NOTE ***: Attempting to overwrite flash will return error. If you want to overwrite an address you must first erase.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
*************** Flash Control CLI Example ***************

This example demonstrates the CLI commands feature of FreeRTOS, various features
of the Flash Controller (page erase and write), and how to use the TPU to
compute the CRC value of an array. Enter commands in the terminal window.

Starting FreeRTOS scheduler.

Enter 'help' to view a list of available commands.
cmd> help
help

help:
 Lists all the registered commands


erase:
 Erases page in flash being operated on

write <word offset> <text>:
 Writes text string to flash starting at the 32-bit word in the flash page
 specified by "word offset" (e.g. word offset=3 -> address offset=0xC,
 word offset=4 -> address offset=0x10)

read <word offset> <number of letters>:
 Reads text from flash starting at the 32-bit word in the flash page
 specified by "word offset" (e.g. word offset=3 -> address offset=0xC,
 word offset=4 -> address offset=0x10)

crc:
 Calculates CRC of entire flash page

cmd> erase
erase
Success

cmd> crc
crc
CRC: 0x6CDDADA1

cmd> write 17 DEADBEEF
write 17 DEADBEEF
Write addr 0x1007E044: D
Write addr 0x1007E048: E
Write addr 0x1007E04C: A
Write addr 0x1007E050: D
Write addr 0x1007E054: B
Write addr 0x1007E058: E
Write addr 0x1007E05C: E
Write addr 0x1007E060: F
Success

cmd> read 17 8
read 17 8
Read addr 0x1007E044: D
Read addr 0x1007E048: E
Read addr 0x1007E04C: A
Read addr 0x1007E050: D
Read addr 0x1007E054: B
Read addr 0x1007E058: E
Read addr 0x1007E05C: E
Read addr 0x1007E060: F
Success:
DEADBEEF

cmd> crc
crc
CRC: 0x09B1946B

cmd>
```

Commit message:

Add UG section and build notes to all READMEs that have a description

Examples/MAX32665/Flash_CLI/README.md, after:

## Description

This example demonstates the CLI commands feature of FreeRTOS, various features of the Flash Controller (page erase and write), and how to use the TPU to compute a CRC value. In the terminal window, type the command that you wish to execute. The available commands are "write" (writes a text string to flash), "read" (reads text from flash), "erase" (erases the flash page being operated on) and "crc" (computes the CRC value of the entire flash page.) For more details on how to input these commands, enter "help" in the terminal window.

*** NOTE ***: Attempting to overwrite flash will return error. If you want to overwrite an address you must first erase.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
*************** Flash Control CLI Example ***************

This example demonstrates the CLI commands feature of FreeRTOS, various features
of the Flash Controller (page erase and write), and how to use the TPU to
compute the CRC value of an array. Enter commands in the terminal window.

Starting FreeRTOS scheduler.

Enter 'help' to view a list of available commands.
cmd> help
help

help:
 Lists all the registered commands


erase:
 Erases page in flash being operated on

write <word offset> <text>:
 Writes text string to flash starting at the 32-bit word in the flash page
 specified by "word offset" (e.g. word offset=3 -> address offset=0xC,
 word offset=4 -> address offset=0x10)

read <word offset> <number of letters>:
 Reads text from flash starting at the 32-bit word in the flash page
 specified by "word offset" (e.g. word offset=3 -> address offset=0xC,
 word offset=4 -> address offset=0x10)

crc:
 Calculates CRC of entire flash page

cmd> erase
erase
Success

cmd> crc
crc
CRC: 0x6CDDADA1

cmd> write 17 DEADBEEF
write 17 DEADBEEF
Write addr 0x1007E044: D
Write addr 0x1007E048: E
Write addr 0x1007E04C: A
Write addr 0x1007E050: D
Write addr 0x1007E054: B
Write addr 0x1007E058: E
Write addr 0x1007E05C: E
Write addr 0x1007E060: F
Success

cmd> read 17 8
read 17 8
Read addr 0x1007E044: D
Read addr 0x1007E048: E
Read addr 0x1007E04C: A
Read addr 0x1007E050: D
Read addr 0x1007E054: B
Read addr 0x1007E058: E
Read addr 0x1007E05C: E
Read addr 0x1007E060: F
Success:
DEADBEEF

cmd> crc
crc
CRC: 0x09B1946B

cmd>
```
