Examples/MAX32650/Flash_CLI/README.md, before:

## Description

This example demonstates the CLI commands feature of FreeRTOS, various features of the Flash Controller (page erase and write), and how to use the TPU to compute a CRC value. In the terminal window, type the command that you wish to execute. The available commands are "write" (writes a text string to flash), "read" (reads text from flash), "erase" (erases the flash page being operated on) and "crc" (computes the CRC value of the entire flash page.) For more details on how to input these commands, enter "help" in the terminal window.

*** NOTE ***: Attempting to overwrite flash will return error. If you want to overwrite an address you must first erase.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
*************** Flash Control CLI Example ***************

This example demonstrates the CLI commands feature of FreeRTOS, various features
of the Flash Controller (page erase and write), and how to use the TPU to
compute the CRC value of an array. Enter commands in the terminal window.

Starting FreeRTOS scheduler.

Enter 'help' to view a list of available commands.
cmd> help
help

help:
 Lists all the registered commands


erase:
 Erases page in flash being operated on

write <word offset> <text>:
 Writes text string to flash starting at the 32-bit word in the flash page
 specified by "word offset" (e.g. word offset=3 -> address offset=0xC,
 word offset=4 -> address offset=0x10)

read <word offset> <number of letters>:
 Reads text from flash starting at the 32-bit word in the flash page
 specified by "word offset" (e.g. word offset=3 -> address offset=0xC,
 word offset=4 -> address offset=0x10)

crc:
 Calculates CRC of entire flash page

cmd> erase
erase
Success

cmd> crc
crc
CRC: 0xC25FE555

cmd> write 25 DEADBEEF
write 25 DEADBEEF
Write addr 0x102FC064: D
Write addr 0x102FC068: E
Write addr 0x102FC06C: A
Write addr 0x102FC070: D
Write addr 0x102FC074: B
Write addr 0x102FC078: E
Write addr 0x102FC07C: E
Write addr 0x102FC080: F
Success

cmd> crc
crc
CRC: 0x6498DD60

cmd> read 25 8
read 25 8
Read addr 0x102FC064: D
Read addr 0x102FC068: E
Read addr 0x102FC06C: A
Read addr 0x102FC070: D
Read addr 0x102FC074: B
Read addr 0x102FC078: E
Read addr 0x102FC07C: E
Read addr 0x102FC080: F
Success:
DEADBEEF

cmd>
```

Commit message:

Add UG section and build notes to all READMEs that have a description

Examples/MAX32650/Flash_CLI/README.md, after:

## Description

This example demonstates the CLI commands feature of FreeRTOS, various features of the Flash Controller (page erase and write), and how to use the TPU to compute a CRC value. In the terminal window, type the command that you wish to execute. The available commands are "write" (writes a text string to flash), "read" (reads text from flash), "erase" (erases the flash page being operated on) and "crc" (computes the CRC value of the entire flash page.) For more details on how to input these commands, enter "help" in the terminal window.

*** NOTE ***: Attempting to overwrite flash will return error. If you want to overwrite an address you must first erase.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
*************** Flash Control CLI Example ***************

This example demonstrates the CLI commands feature of FreeRTOS, various features
of the Flash Controller (page erase and write), and how to use the TPU to
compute the CRC value of an array. Enter commands in the terminal window.

Starting FreeRTOS scheduler.

Enter 'help' to view a list of available commands.
cmd> help
help

help:
 Lists all the registered commands


erase:
 Erases page in flash being operated on

write <word offset> <text>:
 Writes text string to flash starting at the 32-bit word in the flash page
 specified by "word offset" (e.g. word offset=3 -> address offset=0xC,
 word offset=4 -> address offset=0x10)

read <word offset> <number of letters>:
 Reads text from flash starting at the 32-bit word in the flash page
 specified by "word offset" (e.g. word offset=3 -> address offset=0xC,
 word offset=4 -> address offset=0x10)

crc:
 Calculates CRC of entire flash page

cmd> erase
erase
Success

cmd> crc
crc
CRC: 0xC25FE555

cmd> write 25 DEADBEEF
write 25 DEADBEEF
Write addr 0x102FC064: D
Write addr 0x102FC068: E
Write addr 0x102FC06C: A
Write addr 0x102FC070: D
Write addr 0x102FC074: B
Write addr 0x102FC078: E
Write addr 0x102FC07C: E
Write addr 0x102FC080: F
Success

cmd> crc
crc
CRC: 0x6498DD60

cmd> read 25 8
read 25 8
Read addr 0x102FC064: D
Read addr 0x102FC068: E
Read addr 0x102FC06C: A
Read addr 0x102FC070: D
Read addr 0x102FC074: B
Read addr 0x102FC078: E
Read addr 0x102FC07C: E
Read addr 0x102FC080: F
Success:
DEADBEEF

cmd>
```
