Examples/MAX32650/RTC_Backup/README.md, before:

## Description

This example demonstrates the use of the Real Time Clock (RTC) and its alarm functionality.

The RTC time-of-day alarm is used to wake the device from backup mode every TIME\_OF\_DAY\_SECONDS seconds (defined at the top of main.c). When the device wakes up, it will print the current time of the RTC to the terminal window and return to backup mode while waiting for the next time-of-day alarm to fire.


## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

```
***************** RTC Wake from Backup Example *****************

The time-of-day alarm is set to wake the device every 7 seconds.
When the alarm goes off it will print the current time to the console.

RTC started
RTC Trimmed to 32768 Hz
MXC_TRIMSIR->rtc = 0x2730000

Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:07


Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:14


Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:21

...
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32650/RTC_Backup/README.md, after:

## Description

This example demonstrates the use of the Real Time Clock (RTC) and its alarm functionality.

The RTC time-of-day alarm is used to wake the device from backup mode every TIME\_OF\_DAY\_SECONDS seconds (defined at the top of main.c). When the device wakes up, it will print the current time of the RTC to the terminal window and return to backup mode while waiting for the next time-of-day alarm to fire.



## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

```
***************** RTC Wake from Backup Example *****************

The time-of-day alarm is set to wake the device every 7 seconds.
When the alarm goes off it will print the current time to the console.

RTC started
RTC Trimmed to 32768 Hz
MXC_TRIMSIR->rtc = 0x2730000

Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:07


Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:14


Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:21

...
```
