Examples/MAX32650/ADC_MAX11261/README.md, before:

## Description

Demonstrates the use of MAX11261 24-bit Analog-to-Digital converter. By default the program will monitor the analog voltage value of the AIN0 input. A voltage between -Vref (-2.5V) and +Vref (2.5V) can be applied to the input pins.

Conversion results outside the convertor range will be clipped to the minimum or maximum value. The ADC can also detect if the input signal is outside reference voltage boundaries.

Any reading that exceeds the full-scale value of the ADC will have an '*' appended to the value.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Connect the analog voltage input to the AIN0 pin.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output messages similar to below:

```
***** MAX32650 FTHR_APPS Board External ADC (MAX11261) Example *****

MAX32650 FTHR_APPS board has MAX11261 external ADC converter.
This example demonstrates various features of MAX11261 ADC.

An input voltage between -Vref and +Vref can be applied to AIN
inputs. Conversion results for any input voltage outside this
range will be clipped to the minimum or maximum level.

Push button 0 will switch scanned channel while push button 1 will change the conversion rate. 




  CH0:    1753 mV in 20598 us
...
```

Commit message:

Add UG section and build notes to all READMEs that have a description

Examples/MAX32650/ADC_MAX11261/README.md, after:

## Description

Demonstrates the use of MAX11261 24-bit Analog-to-Digital converter. By default the program will monitor the analog voltage value of the AIN0 input. A voltage between -Vref (-2.5V) and +Vref (2.5V) can be applied to the input pins.

Conversion results outside the convertor range will be clipped to the minimum or maximum value. The ADC can also detect if the input signal is outside reference voltage boundaries.

Any reading that exceeds the full-scale value of the ADC will have an '*' appended to the value.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Connect the analog voltage input to the AIN0 pin.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output messages similar to below:

```
***** MAX32650 FTHR_APPS Board External ADC (MAX11261) Example *****

MAX32650 FTHR_APPS board has MAX11261 external ADC converter.
This example demonstrates various features of MAX11261 ADC.

An input voltage between -Vref and +Vref can be applied to AIN
inputs. Conversion results for any input voltage outside this
range will be clipped to the minimum or maximum level.

Push button 0 will switch scanned channel while push button 1 will change the conversion rate. 




  CH0:    1753 mV in 20598 us
...
```
