Examples/MAX32665/SPIXF/README.md, before:

## Description

This example communicates with the MX25 flash on the EvKit. It loads code onto it and then executes that code using the SPIX execute-in-place peripheral.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
********************* SPIX Example *********************
This example communicates with an MX25 flash on the EvKit
loads code onto it and then executes that code using the
SPIX execute-in-place peripheral

SPI Clock: 4000000 Hz

MX25 Initialized.

MX25 ID verified

Erasing first 64k sector
Erased

Quad mode enabled

Programming function (104 bytes @ 0x1000877c) into external MX25 flash
Programmed

Verifying external flash
Verified

Jumping to external flash (@ 0x08000001), watch for blinking LED.

Running code from external flash
Returned from external flash

Example Succeeded

```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32665/SPIXF/README.md, after:

## Description

This example communicates with the MX25 flash on the EvKit. It loads code onto it and then executes that code using the SPIX execute-in-place peripheral.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
********************* SPIX Example *********************
This example communicates with an MX25 flash on the EvKit
loads code onto it and then executes that code using the
SPIX execute-in-place peripheral

SPI Clock: 4000000 Hz

MX25 Initialized.

MX25 ID verified

Erasing first 64k sector
Erased

Quad mode enabled

Programming function (104 bytes @ 0x1000877c) into external MX25 flash
Programmed

Verifying external flash
Verified

Jumping to external flash (@ 0x08000001), watch for blinking LED.

Running code from external flash
Returned from external flash

Example Succeeded

```
