Examples/MAX32650/HBMC/README.md, before:

## Description

This example demonstrates the use of the HyperBus Memory Controller.

A function to blink an LED (found in ramfunc.c) is copied to external memory and executed from there. The type of external memory can be selected using the "HYPERRAM" or "XCCELABUS" and the chip select can be selected with "HBMC_CS".

*** Note ***: On the MAX32650 EV Kit, the external memory type is HyperRAM and the chip select used is 0.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***** Hyperbus/Xccelabus Controller Example *****
Hyperbus RAM on CS0 selected.
Copying function from internal flash @ 0x10008b2c to external RAM @ 0x60000000 (120 bytes)
Flash source:
0x80 0xb4 0x83 0xb0 0x00 0xaf 0x00 0x23 0x7b 0x60 0x24 0xe0 0x17 0x4b 0xda 0x69
0x17 0x4b 0x5b 0x68 0x15 0x49 0x13 0x43 0xcb 0x61 0x00 0x23 0x3b 0x60 0x02 0xe0
0x3b 0x68 0x01 0x33 0x3b 0x60 0x3b 0x68 0x12 0x4a 0x93 0x42 0xf8 0xdd 0x0f 0x4b
0x1a 0x6a 0x0f 0x4b 0x5b 0x68 0x0d 0x49 0x13 0x43 0x0b 0x62 0x00 0x23 0x3b 0x60
0x02 0xe0 0x3b 0x68 0x01 0x33 0x3b 0x60 0x3b 0x68 0x0a 0x4a 0x93 0x42 0xf8 0xdd
0x7b 0x68 0x01 0x33 0x7b 0x60 0x7b 0x68 0x18 0x2b 0xd7 0xdd 0x00 0xbf 0x00 0xbf
0x0c 0x37 0xbd 0x46 0x5d 0xf8 0x04 0x7b 0x70 0x47 0x00 0xbf 0x00 0xa0 0x00 0x40
0x00 0x87 0x00 0x10 0xfe 0xff 0x0f 0x00
HBMC source:
0x80 0xb4 0x83 0xb0 0x00 0xaf 0x00 0x23 0x7b 0x60 0x24 0xe0 0x17 0x4b 0xda 0x69
0x17 0x4b 0x5b 0x68 0x15 0x49 0x13 0x43 0xcb 0x61 0x00 0x23 0x3b 0x60 0x02 0xe0
0x3b 0x68 0x01 0x33 0x3b 0x60 0x3b 0x68 0x12 0x4a 0x93 0x42 0xf8 0xdd 0x0f 0x4b
0x1a 0x6a 0x0f 0x4b 0x5b 0x68 0x0d 0x49 0x13 0x43 0x0b 0x62 0x00 0x23 0x3b 0x60
0x02 0xe0 0x3b 0x68 0x01 0x33 0x3b 0x60 0x3b 0x68 0x0a 0x4a 0x93 0x42 0xf8 0xdd
0x7b 0x68 0x01 0x33 0x7b 0x60 0x7b 0x68 0x18 0x2b 0xd7 0xdd 0x00 0xbf 0x00 0xbf
0x0c 0x37 0xbd 0x46 0x5d 0xf8 0x04 0x7b 0x70 0x47 0x00 0xbf 0x00 0xa0 0x00 0x40
0x00 0x87 0x00 0x10 0xfe 0xff 0x0f 0x00
Jumping to external flash (@ 0x60000001), watch for blinking LED.
Returned from external flash

END OF LINE.
```

Commit message:

Add UG section and build notes to all READMEs that have a description

Examples/MAX32650/HBMC/README.md, after:

## Description

This example demonstrates the use of the HyperBus Memory Controller.

A function to blink an LED (found in ramfunc.c) is copied to external memory and executed from there. The type of external memory can be selected using the "HYPERRAM" or "XCCELABUS" and the chip select can be selected with "HBMC_CS".

*** Note ***: On the MAX32650 EV Kit, the external memory type is HyperRAM and the chip select used is 0.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***** Hyperbus/Xccelabus Controller Example *****
Hyperbus RAM on CS0 selected.
Copying function from internal flash @ 0x10008b2c to external RAM @ 0x60000000 (120 bytes)
Flash source:
0x80 0xb4 0x83 0xb0 0x00 0xaf 0x00 0x23 0x7b 0x60 0x24 0xe0 0x17 0x4b 0xda 0x69
0x17 0x4b 0x5b 0x68 0x15 0x49 0x13 0x43 0xcb 0x61 0x00 0x23 0x3b 0x60 0x02 0xe0
0x3b 0x68 0x01 0x33 0x3b 0x60 0x3b 0x68 0x12 0x4a 0x93 0x42 0xf8 0xdd 0x0f 0x4b
0x1a 0x6a 0x0f 0x4b 0x5b 0x68 0x0d 0x49 0x13 0x43 0x0b 0x62 0x00 0x23 0x3b 0x60
0x02 0xe0 0x3b 0x68 0x01 0x33 0x3b 0x60 0x3b 0x68 0x0a 0x4a 0x93 0x42 0xf8 0xdd
0x7b 0x68 0x01 0x33 0x7b 0x60 0x7b 0x68 0x18 0x2b 0xd7 0xdd 0x00 0xbf 0x00 0xbf
0x0c 0x37 0xbd 0x46 0x5d 0xf8 0x04 0x7b 0x70 0x47 0x00 0xbf 0x00 0xa0 0x00 0x40
0x00 0x87 0x00 0x10 0xfe 0xff 0x0f 0x00
HBMC source:
0x80 0xb4 0x83 0xb0 0x00 0xaf 0x00 0x23 0x7b 0x60 0x24 0xe0 0x17 0x4b 0xda 0x69
0x17 0x4b 0x5b 0x68 0x15 0x49 0x13 0x43 0xcb 0x61 0x00 0x23 0x3b 0x60 0x02 0xe0
0x3b 0x68 0x01 0x33 0x3b 0x60 0x3b 0x68 0x12 0x4a 0x93 0x42 0xf8 0xdd 0x0f 0x4b
0x1a 0x6a 0x0f 0x4b 0x5b 0x68 0x0d 0x49 0x13 0x43 0x0b 0x62 0x00 0x23 0x3b 0x60
0x02 0xe0 0x3b 0x68 0x01 0x33 0x3b 0x60 0x3b 0x68 0x0a 0x4a 0x93 0x42 0xf8 0xdd
0x7b 0x68 0x01 0x33 0x7b 0x60 0x7b 0x68 0x18 0x2b 0xd7 0xdd 0x00 0xbf 0x00 0xbf
0x0c 0x37 0xbd 0x46 0x5d 0xf8 0x04 0x7b 0x70 0x47 0x00 0xbf 0x00 0xa0 0x00 0x40
0x00 0x87 0x00 0x10 0xfe 0xff 0x0f 0x00
Jumping to external flash (@ 0x60000001), watch for blinking LED.
Returned from external flash

END OF LINE.
```
