README.md, before:

License Agreement
=====================

**© Copyright (C) 2017 Maxim Integrated Products, Inc., All Rights Reserved.**

This software is protected by copyright laws of the United States and
of foreign countries. This material may also be protected by patent laws
and technology transfer regulations of the United States and of foreign
countries. This software is furnished under a license agreement and/or a
nondisclosure agreement and may only be used or reproduced in accordance
with the terms of those agreements. Dissemination of this information to
any party or parties not specified in the license agreement and/or 
nondisclosure agreement is expressly prohibited.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

**THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL MAXIM INTEGRATED BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.**

Except as contained in this notice, the name of **Maxim Integrated Products, Inc.** 
shall not be used except as stated in the **Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. Branding Policy.**

The mere transfer of this software does not imply any licenses
of trade secrets, proprietary technology, copyrights, patents,
trademarks, maskwork rights, or any other form of intellectual
property whatsoever. **Maxim Integrated Products, Inc.** retains all 
ownership rights.

[Final Copyright](https://www.maximintegrated.com/en/aboutus/legal/copyrights/default-copyright.html "Final Copyright")

[Final Software License Agreement](https://www.maximintegrated.com/en/aboutus/legal/sla/no-distribute.html "Final SLA")

## Introduction

The Maxim Microcontrollers SDK (MaximSDK), now a part of Analog Devices, contains tools and resources to develop firmware for the MAX-series of microcontrollers.  This includes register files, peripheral drivers, system startup files, documentation, various utilities, third-party libraries, IDE support files, and a toolchain.

In general, the MaximSDK can be broken into two main pieces:  code vs toolchain.  This repository contains the code, while the toolchain has all the programs you need to build that code for the MAX-series microcontrollers.

## Installation

### Automatic Installer

The MaximSDK is available via an automatic installer for the platforms below.  The automatic installer will retrieve the latest _release_ version of this repository.

* [Windows 10](https://www.maximintegrated.com/en/design/software-description.html/swpart=SFW0010820A)

* [Ubuntu Linux](https://www.maximintegrated.com/en/design/software-description.html/swpart=SFW0018720A)

    * This file must be made executable before it can be run. Use the command `chmod +x MaximMicrosSDK_linux.run`. Alternatively, set “Allow executing as program” in the Ubuntu GUI.

* [MacOS](https://www.maximintegrated.com/en/design/software-description.html/swpart=SFW0018610A)

    * For MacOS the installer is distributed inside of a .dmg disk image file. Double click the downloaded file to mount it. Afterwards, the installer executable will be made available inside the mounted drive.


### Completing the Installation on MacOS

On MacOS, some additional missing packages must be manually installed via [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/).

**For non-M1 platforms:**

1. Follow the instructions on the [Homebrew home page](https://brew.sh/) to install Homebrew on your system.

2. Then, open a terminal and run the command...

```shell
brew install libusb-compat libftdi hidapi libusb
```


**For M1 platforms**:

You must use a Rosetta terminal to install Homebrew:

1. Open a terminal and update Rosetta.

```shell
softwareupdate --install-rosetta --agree-to-license
```

2. Close the terminal.

3. Run a new terminal in Rosetta:

    1. Go to Finder > Applications and find your Terminal

    2. Right-Click Terminal and Duplicate it.  Rename it to "Terminal i386".

    3. Rich-Click "Terminal i386" > Get Info > Enable "Open using Rosetta"

    4. Launch the new "Terminal i386" and type `arch` to verify that it says `i386` now.

4. From your Rosetta terminal follow the instructions on the [Homebrew home page](https://brew.sh/) to install Homebrew on your system.

5. Run the command...

```shell
brew install libusb-compat libftdi hidapi libusb
```

Commit message:

Use SSH for Submodules - Update README (#8)
* Update submodules to use https links

* Add installation instrcutions

* Update readme

* Use SSH links for submodules

* Use Github SSH URL for LC3 submodule

* Update readme

README.md, after:

License Agreement
=====================

**© Copyright (C) 2017 Maxim Integrated Products, Inc., All Rights Reserved.**

This software is protected by copyright laws of the United States and
of foreign countries. This material may also be protected by patent laws
and technology transfer regulations of the United States and of foreign
countries. This software is furnished under a license agreement and/or a
nondisclosure agreement and may only be used or reproduced in accordance
with the terms of those agreements. Dissemination of this information to
any party or parties not specified in the license agreement and/or 
nondisclosure agreement is expressly prohibited.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

**THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL MAXIM INTEGRATED BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.**

Except as contained in this notice, the name of **Maxim Integrated Products, Inc.** 
shall not be used except as stated in the **Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. Branding Policy.**

The mere transfer of this software does not imply any licenses
of trade secrets, proprietary technology, copyrights, patents,
trademarks, maskwork rights, or any other form of intellectual
property whatsoever. **Maxim Integrated Products, Inc.** retains all 
ownership rights.

[Final Copyright](https://www.maximintegrated.com/en/aboutus/legal/copyrights/default-copyright.html "Final Copyright")

[Final Software License Agreement](https://www.maximintegrated.com/en/aboutus/legal/sla/no-distribute.html "Final SLA")

## Introduction

The Maxim Microcontrollers SDK (MaximSDK), now a part of Analog Devices, contains tools and resources to develop firmware for the MAX-series of microcontrollers.  This includes register files, peripheral drivers, system startup files, documentation, various utilities, third-party libraries, IDE support files, and a toolchain.

In general, the MaximSDK can be broken into two main pieces:  code vs toolchain.  This repository contains the code, while the toolchain has all the programs you need to build that code for the MAX-series microcontrollers.

## Installation

### Automatic Installer

The MaximSDK is available via an automatic installer for the platforms below.  The automatic installer will retrieve the latest _release_ version of this repository _and_ the latest toolchain for your OS.

* [Windows 10](https://www.maximintegrated.com/en/design/software-description.html/swpart=SFW0010820A)

* [Ubuntu Linux](https://www.maximintegrated.com/en/design/software-description.html/swpart=SFW0018720A)

    * This file must be made executable before it can be run. Use the command `chmod +x MaximMicrosSDK_linux.run`. Alternatively, set “Allow executing as program” in the Ubuntu GUI.

* [MacOS](https://www.maximintegrated.com/en/design/software-description.html/swpart=SFW0018610A)

    * For MacOS the installer is distributed inside of a .dmg disk image file. Double click the downloaded file to mount it. Afterwards, the installer executable will be made available inside the mounted drive.


### Completing the Installation on MacOS

On MacOS, some additional missing packages must be manually installed via [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/).

**For non-M1 platforms:**

1. Follow the instructions on the [Homebrew home page](https://brew.sh/) to install Homebrew on your system.

2. Then, open a terminal and run the command...

```shell
brew install libusb-compat libftdi hidapi libusb
```


**For M1 platforms**:

You must use a Rosetta terminal to install Homebrew:

1. Open a terminal and update Rosetta.

```shell
softwareupdate --install-rosetta --agree-to-license
```

2. Close the terminal.

3. Run a new terminal in Rosetta:

    1. Go to Finder > Applications and find your Terminal

    2. Right-Click Terminal and Duplicate it.  Rename it to "Terminal i386".

    3. Rich-Click "Terminal i386" > Get Info > Enable "Open using Rosetta"

    4. Launch the new "Terminal i386" and type `arch` to verify that it says `i386` now.

4. From your Rosetta terminal follow the instructions on the [Homebrew home page](https://brew.sh/) to install Homebrew on your system.

5. Run the command...

```shell
brew install libusb-compat libftdi hidapi libusb
```

### Installing from the Github Repo

To fully clone this repo with all of its submodules, you'll need to set up an SSH key for your Github account.  See the [Github Docs on SSH](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh) for instructions.

Once you've set up an SSH key for your account, you can clone this repository with the command:

```shell
git clone --recurse git@github.com:Analog-Devices-MSDK/msdk.git
```

This will clone the root repo and all of its submodules.  However, the Github repo does not contain the SDK's toolchain.  The easiest way to obtain the toolchain for your OS is via the [Automatic Installer](#automatic-installer).  At minimum, install the components:
* GNU RISC-V Embedded GCC
* GNU Tools for ARM Embedded Processors
* Open On-Chip Debugger
* MSYS2 (on Windows only)

Alternatively, the toolchain can be manually installed.  (Manual instructions WIP)
