Examples/MAX32690/I2C/README.md, before:

## Description

This example uses the I2C Master to read/write from/to the I2C Slave. 

## Setup
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Install JP7(RX_EN) and JP8(TX_EN) headers.
-   Install headers JP9 and JP10 to SDA and SCL respectively.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   You must connect P1.8->P2.8 (SCL) and P1.7->P2.7 (SCL).

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
******** I2C SLAVE ASYNC TRANSACTION TEST *********

This example uses one I2C peripheral as a master to
read and write to another I2C which acts as a slave.

You will need to connect P1.8->P2.8 (SCL) and
P1.7->P2.7 (SDA).

-->I2C Master Initialization Complete
-->I2C Slave Initialization Complete

-->Writing data to slave, and reading the data back

-->Result:

-->TxData: 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 0a 0b 0c 0d 0e 0f 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 1a 1b 1c 1d 1e 1f 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 2a 2b 2c 2d 2e 2f 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 3a 3b 3c 3d 3e 3f 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 4a 4b 4c 4d 4e 4f 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 5a 5b 5c 5d 5e 5f 60 61 62 63

-->RxData: 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 0a 0b 0c 0d 0e 0f 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 1a 1b 1c 1d 1e 1f 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 2a 2b 2c 2d 2e 2f 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 3a 3b 3c 3d 3e 3f 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 4a 4b 4c 4d 4e 4f 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 5a 5b 5c 5d 5e 5f 60 61 62 63


-->I2C Transaction Successful
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32690/I2C/README.md, after:

## Description

This example uses the I2C Master to read/write from/to the I2C Slave. 

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Install JP7(RX_EN) and JP8(TX_EN) headers.
-   Install headers JP9 and JP10 to SDA and SCL respectively.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   You must connect P1.8->P2.8 (SCL) and P1.7->P2.7 (SCL).

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
******** I2C SLAVE ASYNC TRANSACTION TEST *********

This example uses one I2C peripheral as a master to
read and write to another I2C which acts as a slave.

You will need to connect P1.8->P2.8 (SCL) and
P1.7->P2.7 (SDA).

-->I2C Master Initialization Complete
-->I2C Slave Initialization Complete

-->Writing data to slave, and reading the data back

-->Result:

-->TxData: 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 0a 0b 0c 0d 0e 0f 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 1a 1b 1c 1d 1e 1f 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 2a 2b 2c 2d 2e 2f 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 3a 3b 3c 3d 3e 3f 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 4a 4b 4c 4d 4e 4f 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 5a 5b 5c 5d 5e 5f 60 61 62 63

-->RxData: 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 0a 0b 0c 0d 0e 0f 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 1a 1b 1c 1d 1e 1f 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 2a 2b 2c 2d 2e 2f 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 3a 3b 3c 3d 3e 3f 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 4a 4b 4c 4d 4e 4f 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 5a 5b 5c 5d 5e 5f 60 61 62 63


-->I2C Transaction Successful
```
