Examples/MAX32690/Pulse_Train/README.md, before:

## Description

Two pulse trains are configured in different modes.  

The first, PT2, is set to generate a repeating bit pattern of 0x10110 (lsb first) at a rate of 2 bits per second.  If you make the connections described below, you can observe the pattern on LED 1.

The second, PT3, is set to generate a 10Hz square wave.  If you make the connections described below, you can observe the square wave on LED 2.

On the standard EV Kit:
-    PT2: P1.8
-    PT3: P1.9

## Setup
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Install JP7(RX_EN) and JP8(TX_EN) headers.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Connect pin 1.8 to pin 1 of JP5 (LED1_EN).
-   Connect pin 1.9 to pin 1 of JP6 (LED2_EN).

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
*************** Pulse Train Demo ****************
PT2 (P1.8) = Outputs continuous pattern of 10110b at 2bps
PT3 (P1.9) = Outputs 10Hz continuous square wave
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32690/Pulse_Train/README.md, after:

## Description

Two pulse trains are configured in different modes.  

The first, PT2, is set to generate a repeating bit pattern of 0x10110 (lsb first) at a rate of 2 bits per second.  If you make the connections described below, you can observe the pattern on LED 1.

The second, PT3, is set to generate a 10Hz square wave.  If you make the connections described below, you can observe the square wave on LED 2.

On the standard EV Kit:
-    PT2: P1.8
-    PT3: P1.9

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Install JP7(RX_EN) and JP8(TX_EN) headers.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Connect pin 1.8 to pin 1 of JP5 (LED1_EN).
-   Connect pin 1.9 to pin 1 of JP6 (LED2_EN).

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
*************** Pulse Train Demo ****************
PT2 (P1.8) = Outputs continuous pattern of 10110b at 2bps
PT3 (P1.9) = Outputs 10Hz continuous square wave
```
