Examples/MAX32572/UART/README.md, before:

## Description

This application uses two serial ports to send and receive data.  One serial port transmits data while the other receives it.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/UART0) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Connect P1.12 to P1.21.
-   Connect P1.13 to P1.20.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
**************** UART Example ******************
This example sends data from one UART to another

The LED (P2.17) is used to indicate the success of the test.
LED ON -> Success


Connect UART1 to UART3 for this example.
P1.12 -> P1.21 and P1.13 -> P1.20


-->UART Baud    : 115200 Hz

-->Test Length  : 1024 bytes

-->UART Initialized

-->Data verified

-->Example Succeeded
```

The LED (P2.17) will illuminate to indicate the success of the test.

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32572/UART/README.md, after:

## Description

This application uses two serial ports to send and receive data.  One serial port transmits data while the other receives it.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/UART0) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Connect P1.12 to P1.21.
-   Connect P1.13 to P1.20.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
**************** UART Example ******************
This example sends data from one UART to another

The LED (P2.17) is used to indicate the success of the test.
LED ON -> Success


Connect UART1 to UART3 for this example.
P1.12 -> P1.21 and P1.13 -> P1.20


-->UART Baud    : 115200 Hz

-->Test Length  : 1024 bytes

-->UART Initialized

-->Data verified

-->Example Succeeded
```

The LED (P2.17) will illuminate to indicate the success of the test.
