Examples/MAX78000/CRC/README.md, before:

## Description

This example demonstrates the use of the HW CRC calculator.  The example first generates a 32-bit CRC over 4096 bytes.  The resulting CRC is inverted and placed at the end of the 4096+4 bytes.  Another CRC is then calculated over the resulting 4096+4 bytes.  The final result is compared with the expected value.  This sequence is repeated twice - once using the blocking CRC functions and once using the non-blocking (asynchronous) functions.

## Setup
##### Building Firmware:
Before building firmware you must select the correct value for _BOARD_  in "project.mk", either "EvKit\_V1" or "FTHR\_RevA", depending on the EV kit you are using to run the example.

After doing so, navigate to the directory where the example is located using a terminal window. Enter the following comand to build all of the files needed to run the example.

```
$ make
```

##### Required Connections:
If using the standard EV Kit (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the Featherboard (FTHR_RevA):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
CRC Sync and Async Example

TEST CRC SYNC

Computed CRC: 13b5a483
CRC Check Result: debb20e3
**Test Passed**

TEST CRC ASYNC

Computed CRC: 13b5a483
CRC Check Result: debb20e3
**Test Passed**


Example Succeeded
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX78000/CRC/README.md, after:

## Description

This example demonstrates the use of the HW CRC calculator.  The example first generates a 32-bit CRC over 4096 bytes.  The resulting CRC is inverted and placed at the end of the 4096+4 bytes.  Another CRC is then calculated over the resulting 4096+4 bytes.  The final result is compared with the expected value.  This sequence is repeated twice - once using the blocking CRC functions and once using the non-blocking (asynchronous) functions.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

* This project comes pre-configured for the MAX78000EVKIT.  See [Board Support Packages](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/#board-support-packages) in the UG for instructions on changing the target board.

## Required Connections:

If using the MAX78000EVKIT (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the MAX78000FTHR (FTHR_RevA)
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
CRC Sync and Async Example

TEST CRC SYNC

Computed CRC: 13b5a483
CRC Check Result: debb20e3
**Test Passed**

TEST CRC ASYNC

Computed CRC: 13b5a483
CRC Check Result: debb20e3
**Test Passed**


Example Succeeded
```
