Examples/MAX32520/TMR/README.md, before:

## Description

Two timers are used to demonstrate two different modes of the general purpose timers.

1. A continuous mode timer is used to create an interrupt at freq of 1 Hz. LED0 (Port 1.06) will toggle each time the interrupt occurs.

2. Timer 0 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 1.0. The PWM frequency is 200 Hz and the duty cycle is 75%.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Select RX SEL and TX SEL on headers JP7 and JP8.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
************************** Timer Example **************************

1. A continuous mode timer is used to create an interrupt every 1 sec.
   LED0 (Port 1.06) will toggle each time the interrupt occurs.

2. Timer 0 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 1.0.
   The PWM frequency is 200 Hz and the duty cycle is 75%.

PWM started.

Continuous timer started.
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32520/TMR/README.md, after:

## Description

Two timers are used to demonstrate two different modes of the general purpose timers.

1. A continuous mode timer is used to create an interrupt at freq of 1 Hz. LED0 (Port 1.06) will toggle each time the interrupt occurs.

2. Timer 0 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 1.0. The PWM frequency is 200 Hz and the duty cycle is 75%.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Select RX SEL and TX SEL on headers JP7 and JP8.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
************************** Timer Example **************************

1. A continuous mode timer is used to create an interrupt every 1 sec.
   LED0 (Port 1.06) will toggle each time the interrupt occurs.

2. Timer 0 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 1.0.
   The PWM frequency is 200 Hz and the duty cycle is 75%.

PWM started.

Continuous timer started.
```
