Examples/MAX78000/CNN/rps/README.md, before:

## Description

The model trained in this demo is used to classify images of "rock", "paper" and "scissor" hand gestures. The input size is 64x64 pixels RGB which is 3x64x64 in CHW format.

The code is auto-generated by the ai8x-synthesis tool and runs a known-answer
test with a pre-defined input sample. The enhanced version of this example with live capture and TFT
output is located in "rps-demo: directory.

## Setup

##### Building Firmware: 

Before building firmware you must select the correct value for _BOARD_  in "project.mk", either "EvKit\_V1" or "FTHR\_RevA", depending on the EV kit you are using to run the example.

After doing so, navigate to the directory where the example is located using a terminal window. Enter the following comand to build all of the files needed to run the example.

```
$ make
```

##### Required Connections:

If using the standard EV Kit (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the Featherboard (FTHR_RevA):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
Waiting...

*** CNN Inference Test ***

*** PASS ***

Approximate data loading and inference time: 4252 us

Classification results:
[ 498738] -> Class 0: 100.0%
[-334218] -> Class 1: 0.0%
[-632906] -> Class 2: 0.0%
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX78000/CNN/rps/README.md, after:

## Description

The model trained in this demo is used to classify images of "rock", "paper" and "scissor" hand gestures. The input size is 64x64 pixels RGB which is 3x64x64 in CHW format.

The code is auto-generated by the ai8x-synthesis tool and runs a known-answer
test with a pre-defined input sample. The enhanced version of this example with live capture and TFT
output is located in "rps-demo: directory.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

* This project comes pre-configured for the MAX78000EVKIT.  See [Board Support Packages](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/#board-support-packages) in the UG for instructions on changing the target board.

## Required Connections:

If using the MAX78000EVKIT (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the MAX78000FTHR (FTHR_RevA)
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
Waiting...

*** CNN Inference Test ***

*** PASS ***

Approximate data loading and inference time: 4252 us

Classification results:
[ 498738] -> Class 0: 100.0%
[-334218] -> Class 1: 0.0%
[-632906] -> Class 2: 0.0%
```
