Examples/MAX32655/RTC_Backup/README.md, before:

## Description

This example demonstrates the use of the Real Time Clock (RTC) and its alarm functionality.

The RTC time-of-day alarm is used to wake the device from backup mode every TIME\_OF\_DAY\_SECONDS seconds (defined at the top of main.c). When the device wakes up, it will print the current time of the RTC to the terminal window and return to backup mode while waiting for the next time-of-day alarm to fire.


## Setup

##### Board Selection
Before building firmware you must select the correct value for _BOARD_  in "project.mk", either "EvKit\_V1" or "FTHR\_Apps\_P1", depending on the EV kit you are using to run the example.

##### Required Connections
If using the Standard EV Kit (EvKit\_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins JP4(RX_SEL) and JP5(TX_SEL) to RX0 and TX0  header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the featherboard (FTHR\_Apps\_P1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the J4 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the board's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

```
***************** RTC Wake from Backup Example *****************

The time-of-day alarm is set to wake the device every 7 seconds.
When the alarm goes off it will print the current time to the console.

RTC started
RTC Trimmed to 32768 Hz
MXC_TRIMSIR->rtc = 0x2730000

Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:07


Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:14


Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:21

...
```

Commit message:

Add UG section and build notes to all READMEs that have a description

Examples/MAX32655/RTC_Backup/README.md, after:

## Description

This example demonstrates the use of the Real Time Clock (RTC) and its alarm functionality.

The RTC time-of-day alarm is used to wake the device from backup mode every TIME\_OF\_DAY\_SECONDS seconds (defined at the top of main.c). When the device wakes up, it will print the current time of the RTC to the terminal window and return to backup mode while waiting for the next time-of-day alarm to fire.



## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Setup

##### Board Selection
Before building firmware you must select the correct value for _BOARD_  in "project.mk", either "EvKit\_V1" or "FTHR\_Apps\_P1", depending on the EV kit you are using to run the example.

##### Required Connections
If using the Standard EV Kit (EvKit\_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins JP4(RX_SEL) and JP5(TX_SEL) to RX0 and TX0  header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the featherboard (FTHR\_Apps\_P1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the J4 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the board's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

```
***************** RTC Wake from Backup Example *****************

The time-of-day alarm is set to wake the device every 7 seconds.
When the alarm goes off it will print the current time to the console.

RTC started
RTC Trimmed to 32768 Hz
MXC_TRIMSIR->rtc = 0x2730000

Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:07


Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:14


Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:21

...
```
