Examples/MAX78000/CNN/cifar-100/README.md, before:

## Description

CIFAR-100 is a simple object classification test, using 100 different classes. The input size is 3x32x32.

The code is auto-generated by the ai8x-synthesis tool and runs a known-answer
test with a pre-defined input sample. This example will be enhanced with live capture and TFT
output in the near future.

## Setup

##### Building Firmware:
Before building firmware you must select the correct value for _BOARD_  in "project.mk", either "EvKit\_V1" or "FTHR\_RevA", depending on the EV kit you are using to run the example.

After doing so, navigate to the directory where the example is located using a terminal window. Enter the following comand to build all of the files needed to run the example.

```
$ make
```

##### Required Connections:

If using the standard EV Kit (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the Featherboard (FTHR_RevA):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
Waiting...

*** CNN Inference Test ***

*** PASS ***

Approximate inference time: 2593 us

Classification results:
[ 267958] -> Class 0: 39.5%
[  18744] -> Class 1: 0.0%
[  -2473] -> Class 2: 0.0%
[ -32746] -> Class 3: 0.0%
[-103462] -> Class 4: 0.0%
[  31226] -> Class 5: 0.0%
[   2809] -> Class 6: 0.0%
[ -40368] -> Class 7: 0.0%
[ -51826] -> Class 8: 0.0%
[ 137193] -> Class 9: 0.2%
[ 118977] -> Class 10: 0.1%
[ -44458] -> Class 11: 0.0%
[-147370] -> Class 12: 0.0%
[  29703] -> Class 13: 0.0%
[   8864] -> Class 14: 0.0%
[   8486] -> Class 15: 0.0%
[  86827] -> Class 16: 0.0%
[ -29157] -> Class 17: 0.0%
[  50241] -> Class 18: 0.0%
[  11334] -> Class 19: 0.0%
[ -52262] -> Class 20: 0.0%
[-158580] -> Class 21: 0.0%
[  22699] -> Class 22: 0.0%
[  27811] -> Class 23: 0.0%
[ -32295] -> Class 24: 0.0%
[  96679] -> Class 25: 0.0%
[ -23321] -> Class 26: 0.0%
[-142652] -> Class 27: 0.0%
[  30550] -> Class 28: 0.0%
[ -52633] -> Class 29: 0.0%
[-176467] -> Class 30: 0.0%
[ -48576] -> Class 31: 0.0%
[  43429] -> Class 32: 0.0%
[  19200] -> Class 33: 0.0%
[ -75241] -> Class 34: 0.0%
[ -57846] -> Class 35: 0.0%
[ -44965] -> Class 36: 0.0%
[-100619] -> Class 37: 0.0%
[-194919] -> Class 38: 0.0%
[  72116] -> Class 39: 0.0%
[  26641] -> Class 40: 0.0%
[ -95658] -> Class 41: 0.0%
[-153750] -> Class 42: 0.0%
[ -84917] -> Class 43: 0.0%
[ -58373] -> Class 44: 0.0%
[  62352] -> Class 45: 0.0%
[ -53795] -> Class 46: 0.0%
[  95290] -> Class 47: 0.0%
[ -93269] -> Class 48: 0.0%
[ -81246] -> Class 49: 0.0%
[-100958] -> Class 50: 0.0%
[  13110] -> Class 51: 0.0%
[   2453] -> Class 52: 0.0%
[ 158964] -> Class 53: 0.3%
[  21180] -> Class 54: 0.0%
[ -94071] -> Class 55: 0.0%
[  33161] -> Class 56: 0.0%
[ 250496] -> Class 57: 19.7%
[  -6219] -> Class 58: 0.0%
[ -48650] -> Class 59: 0.0%
[  60196] -> Class 60: 0.0%
[   5037] -> Class 61: 0.0%
[  32411] -> Class 62: 0.0%
[-113024] -> Class 63: 0.0%
[-141281] -> Class 64: 0.0%
[ -63943] -> Class 65: 0.0%
[-315476] -> Class 66: 0.0%
[  52839] -> Class 67: 0.0%
[-118674] -> Class 68: 0.0%
[  35678] -> Class 69: 0.0%
[  39207] -> Class 70: 0.0%
[  23765] -> Class 71: 0.0%
[ -44221] -> Class 72: 0.0%
[ -91153] -> Class 73: 0.0%
[-203083] -> Class 74: 0.0%
[-298705] -> Class 75: 0.0%
[ -21998] -> Class 76: 0.0%
[  27510] -> Class 77: 0.0%
[ -60754] -> Class 78: 0.0%
[  -4675] -> Class 79: 0.0%
[ -28664] -> Class 80: 0.0%
[  18404] -> Class 81: 0.0%
[  68478] -> Class 82: 0.0%
[ 261731] -> Class 83: 39.5%
[  43599] -> Class 84: 0.0%
[ -47354] -> Class 85: 0.0%
[  -7044] -> Class 86: 0.0%
[  -4435] -> Class 87: 0.0%
[  15344] -> Class 88: 0.0%
[  22598] -> Class 89: 0.0%
[ -35053] -> Class 90: 0.0%
[ -95250] -> Class 91: 0.0%
[ 167891] -> Class 92: 0.6%
[ -73338] -> Class 93: 0.0%
[  96806] -> Class 94: 0.0%
[-104407] -> Class 95: 0.0%
[  86528] -> Class 96: 0.0%
[-159855] -> Class 97: 0.0%
[ -31935] -> Class 98: 0.0%
[ -17956] -> Class 99: 0.0%
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX78000/CNN/cifar-100/README.md, after:

## Description

CIFAR-100 is a simple object classification test, using 100 different classes. The input size is 3x32x32.

The code is auto-generated by the ai8x-synthesis tool and runs a known-answer
test with a pre-defined input sample. This example will be enhanced with live capture and TFT
output in the near future.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

* This project comes pre-configured for the MAX78000EVKIT.  See [Board Support Packages](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/#board-support-packages) in the UG for instructions on changing the target board.

## Required Connections:

If using the MAX78000EVKIT (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the MAX78000FTHR (FTHR_RevA):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
Waiting...

*** CNN Inference Test ***

*** PASS ***

Approximate inference time: 2593 us

Classification results:
[ 267958] -> Class 0: 39.5%
[  18744] -> Class 1: 0.0%
[  -2473] -> Class 2: 0.0%
[ -32746] -> Class 3: 0.0%
[-103462] -> Class 4: 0.0%
[  31226] -> Class 5: 0.0%
[   2809] -> Class 6: 0.0%
[ -40368] -> Class 7: 0.0%
[ -51826] -> Class 8: 0.0%
[ 137193] -> Class 9: 0.2%
[ 118977] -> Class 10: 0.1%
[ -44458] -> Class 11: 0.0%
[-147370] -> Class 12: 0.0%
[  29703] -> Class 13: 0.0%
[   8864] -> Class 14: 0.0%
[   8486] -> Class 15: 0.0%
[  86827] -> Class 16: 0.0%
[ -29157] -> Class 17: 0.0%
[  50241] -> Class 18: 0.0%
[  11334] -> Class 19: 0.0%
[ -52262] -> Class 20: 0.0%
[-158580] -> Class 21: 0.0%
[  22699] -> Class 22: 0.0%
[  27811] -> Class 23: 0.0%
[ -32295] -> Class 24: 0.0%
[  96679] -> Class 25: 0.0%
[ -23321] -> Class 26: 0.0%
[-142652] -> Class 27: 0.0%
[  30550] -> Class 28: 0.0%
[ -52633] -> Class 29: 0.0%
[-176467] -> Class 30: 0.0%
[ -48576] -> Class 31: 0.0%
[  43429] -> Class 32: 0.0%
[  19200] -> Class 33: 0.0%
[ -75241] -> Class 34: 0.0%
[ -57846] -> Class 35: 0.0%
[ -44965] -> Class 36: 0.0%
[-100619] -> Class 37: 0.0%
[-194919] -> Class 38: 0.0%
[  72116] -> Class 39: 0.0%
[  26641] -> Class 40: 0.0%
[ -95658] -> Class 41: 0.0%
[-153750] -> Class 42: 0.0%
[ -84917] -> Class 43: 0.0%
[ -58373] -> Class 44: 0.0%
[  62352] -> Class 45: 0.0%
[ -53795] -> Class 46: 0.0%
[  95290] -> Class 47: 0.0%
[ -93269] -> Class 48: 0.0%
[ -81246] -> Class 49: 0.0%
[-100958] -> Class 50: 0.0%
[  13110] -> Class 51: 0.0%
[   2453] -> Class 52: 0.0%
[ 158964] -> Class 53: 0.3%
[  21180] -> Class 54: 0.0%
[ -94071] -> Class 55: 0.0%
[  33161] -> Class 56: 0.0%
[ 250496] -> Class 57: 19.7%
[  -6219] -> Class 58: 0.0%
[ -48650] -> Class 59: 0.0%
[  60196] -> Class 60: 0.0%
[   5037] -> Class 61: 0.0%
[  32411] -> Class 62: 0.0%
[-113024] -> Class 63: 0.0%
[-141281] -> Class 64: 0.0%
[ -63943] -> Class 65: 0.0%
[-315476] -> Class 66: 0.0%
[  52839] -> Class 67: 0.0%
[-118674] -> Class 68: 0.0%
[  35678] -> Class 69: 0.0%
[  39207] -> Class 70: 0.0%
[  23765] -> Class 71: 0.0%
[ -44221] -> Class 72: 0.0%
[ -91153] -> Class 73: 0.0%
[-203083] -> Class 74: 0.0%
[-298705] -> Class 75: 0.0%
[ -21998] -> Class 76: 0.0%
[  27510] -> Class 77: 0.0%
[ -60754] -> Class 78: 0.0%
[  -4675] -> Class 79: 0.0%
[ -28664] -> Class 80: 0.0%
[  18404] -> Class 81: 0.0%
[  68478] -> Class 82: 0.0%
[ 261731] -> Class 83: 39.5%
[  43599] -> Class 84: 0.0%
[ -47354] -> Class 85: 0.0%
[  -7044] -> Class 86: 0.0%
[  -4435] -> Class 87: 0.0%
[  15344] -> Class 88: 0.0%
[  22598] -> Class 89: 0.0%
[ -35053] -> Class 90: 0.0%
[ -95250] -> Class 91: 0.0%
[ 167891] -> Class 92: 0.6%
[ -73338] -> Class 93: 0.0%
[  96806] -> Class 94: 0.0%
[-104407] -> Class 95: 0.0%
[  86528] -> Class 96: 0.0%
[-159855] -> Class 97: 0.0%
[ -31935] -> Class 98: 0.0%
[ -17956] -> Class 99: 0.0%
```
