Examples/MAX32690/I2C_SCAN/README.md, before:

## Description
This example uses the I2C Master to find the addresses of any I2C Slave devices connected to the same bus as I2C0.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Install JP7(RX_EN) and JP8(TX_EN) headers.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Close jumper JP5 (LED1 EN).
-   Close jumper JP6 (LED2 EN).
-   Select the proper pullup voltage for I2C0 using jumper JP2.
-   Enable I2C0 pullup resistors by installing jumpers JP3 and JP4.
-   Connect I2C0 (SDA - P2.7, SCL - P2.8) to I2C bus.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
******** I2C SLAVE ADDRESS SCANNER *********

This example finds the addresses of any I2C Slave devices connected to the
same bus as I2C0 (SDA - P2.7, SCL - P2.8). Select the proper voltage for
the I2C0 pullup resistors using jumper JP2 and enable them by installing
jumpers JP3 and JP4.

-->I2C Master Initialization Complete
-->Scanning started
.........................................................................
Found slave ID 080; 0x50
.......................................
-->Scan finished. 1 devices found
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32690/I2C_SCAN/README.md, after:

## Description
This example uses the I2C Master to find the addresses of any I2C Slave devices connected to the same bus as I2C0.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Install JP7(RX_EN) and JP8(TX_EN) headers.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Close jumper JP5 (LED1 EN).
-   Close jumper JP6 (LED2 EN).
-   Select the proper pullup voltage for I2C0 using jumper JP2.
-   Enable I2C0 pullup resistors by installing jumpers JP3 and JP4.
-   Connect I2C0 (SDA - P2.7, SCL - P2.8) to I2C bus.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
******** I2C SLAVE ADDRESS SCANNER *********

This example finds the addresses of any I2C Slave devices connected to the
same bus as I2C0 (SDA - P2.7, SCL - P2.8). Select the proper voltage for
the I2C0 pullup resistors using jumper JP2 and enable them by installing
jumpers JP3 and JP4.

-->I2C Master Initialization Complete
-->Scanning started
.........................................................................
Found slave ID 080; 0x50
.......................................
-->Scan finished. 1 devices found
```
