Examples/MAX78000/CNN/mnist-riscv/README.md, before:

## Description

This test is identical to the MNIST test, but runs using the RISC-V core instead of the ARM core.

This is the "Hello World" of machine learning. It uses the MNIST dataset of handwritten digits. See http://yann.lecun.com/exdb/mnist/. The input size is 28x28 pixels monochrome (i.e., 1x28x28 in CHW notation).

The code is auto-generated by the ai8x-synthesis tool and runs a known-answer
test with a pre-defined input sample. This example will be enhanced with live capture and TFT
output in the near future.

## Setup

##### Building Firmware:

Before building firmware you must select the correct value for _BOARD_  in Makefile.ARM and Makefile.RISCV, either "EvKit\_V1" or "FTHR\_RevA", depending on the EV kit you are using to run the example.

After doing so, navigate to the directory where the example is located. Enter the following comand to build all of the files needed to run the example.

```
$ make
```

***** Note *****: Be sure to use the max78000-combined.elf executable in the _Build_ directory.

##### Required Connections:

If using the standard EV Kit (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the Featherboard (FTHR_RevA):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
Waiting...

*** RISC-V CNN Inference Test ***

*** PASS ***

Approximate inference time: 1423 us

Classification results:
[ -77992] -> Class 0: 0.0%
[  93377] -> Class 1: 0.0%
[  45484] -> Class 2: 0.0%
[  29850] -> Class 3: 0.0%
[ -36248] -> Class 4: 0.0%
[-130974] -> Class 5: 0.0%
[-272399] -> Class 6: 0.0%
[ 416616] -> Class 7: 100.0%
[-148783] -> Class 8: 0.0%
[  25073] -> Class 9: 0.0%
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX78000/CNN/mnist-riscv/README.md, after:

## Description

This test is identical to the MNIST test, but runs using the RISC-V core instead of the ARM core.

This is the "Hello World" of machine learning. It uses the MNIST dataset of handwritten digits. See http://yann.lecun.com/exdb/mnist/. The input size is 28x28 pixels monochrome (i.e., 1x28x28 in CHW notation).

The code is auto-generated by the ai8x-synthesis tool and runs a known-answer
test with a pre-defined input sample. This example will be enhanced with live capture and TFT
output in the near future.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

* This project comes pre-configured for the MAX78000EVKIT.  See [Board Support Packages](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/#board-support-packages) in the UG for instructions on changing the target board.

## Required Connections:

If using the MAX78000EVKIT (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the MAX78000FTHR (FTHR_RevA)
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
Waiting...

*** RISC-V CNN Inference Test ***

*** PASS ***

Approximate inference time: 1423 us

Classification results:
[ -77992] -> Class 0: 0.0%
[  93377] -> Class 1: 0.0%
[  45484] -> Class 2: 0.0%
[  29850] -> Class 3: 0.0%
[ -36248] -> Class 4: 0.0%
[-130974] -> Class 5: 0.0%
[-272399] -> Class 6: 0.0%
[ 416616] -> Class 7: 100.0%
[-148783] -> Class 8: 0.0%
[  25073] -> Class 9: 0.0%
```
