## Description

This test is identical to the MNIST test, but runs using the RISC-V core instead of the ARM core.

This is the "Hello World" of machine learning. It uses the MNIST dataset of handwritten digits. See http://yann.lecun.com/exdb/mnist/. The input size is 28x28 pixels monochrome (i.e., 1x28x28 in CHW notation).

The code is auto-generated by the ai8x-synthesis tool and runs a known-answer
test with a pre-defined input sample. This example will be enhanced with live capture and TFT
output in the near future.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

* This project comes pre-configured for the MAX78000EVKIT.  See [Board Support Packages](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/#board-support-packages) in the UG for instructions on changing the target board.

## Required Connections:

If using the MAX78000EVKIT (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the MAX78000FTHR (FTHR_RevA)
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
Waiting...

*** RISC-V CNN Inference Test ***

*** PASS ***

Approximate inference time: 1423 us

Classification results:
[ -77992] -> Class 0: 0.0%
[  93377] -> Class 1: 0.0%
[  45484] -> Class 2: 0.0%
[  29850] -> Class 3: 0.0%
[ -36248] -> Class 4: 0.0%
[-130974] -> Class 5: 0.0%
[-272399] -> Class 6: 0.0%
[ 416616] -> Class 7: 100.0%
[-148783] -> Class 8: 0.0%
[  25073] -> Class 9: 0.0%
```

