Examples/MAX32670/RTC/README.md, before:

## Description

This example demonstrates the use of the Real Time Clock (RTC) and its alarm functionality.

The RTC is enabled and the sub-second alarm set to trigger every 250 ms.
(LED0) is toggled each time the sub-second alarm triggers.  The time-of-day alarm is set to 10 seconds.  When the time-of-day alarm triggers, the rate of the sub-second alarm is switched to 500 ms.

(LED1) is toggled each time the time-of-day alarm triggers. The time-of-day alarm is then rearmed for another 10 sec.  Pressing SW2 will output the current value of the RTC to the console UART.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Select RX0 and TX0 on Headers JP1 and JP3 (UART 0).
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Close jumper JP1 (LED1 EN).
-   Close jumper JP2 (LED2 EN).

## Expected Output

```
*************************** RTC Example ****************************

The RTC is enabled and the sub-second alarm set to trigger every 250 ms.
(LED0) is toggled each time the sub-second alarm triggers.

The time-of-day alarm is set to 10 seconds.  When the time-of-day alarm
triggers, the rate of the sub-second alarm is switched to 500 ms.

(LED1) is toggled each time the time-of-day alarm triggers.

The time-of-day alarm is then rearmed for another 10 sec.  Pressing SW1
will output the current value of the RTC to the console UART.

RTC started

Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:00.00

Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:05.11
```

Commit message:

Add UG section and build notes to all READMEs that have a description

Examples/MAX32670/RTC/README.md, after:

## Description

This example demonstrates the use of the Real Time Clock (RTC) and its alarm functionality.

The RTC is enabled and the sub-second alarm set to trigger every 250 ms.
(LED0) is toggled each time the sub-second alarm triggers.  The time-of-day alarm is set to 10 seconds.  When the time-of-day alarm triggers, the rate of the sub-second alarm is switched to 500 ms.

(LED1) is toggled each time the time-of-day alarm triggers. The time-of-day alarm is then rearmed for another 10 sec.  Pressing SW2 will output the current value of the RTC to the console UART.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Select RX0 and TX0 on Headers JP1 and JP3 (UART 0).
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Close jumper JP1 (LED1 EN).
-   Close jumper JP2 (LED2 EN).

## Expected Output

```
*************************** RTC Example ****************************

The RTC is enabled and the sub-second alarm set to trigger every 250 ms.
(LED0) is toggled each time the sub-second alarm triggers.

The time-of-day alarm is set to 10 seconds.  When the time-of-day alarm
triggers, the rate of the sub-second alarm is switched to 500 ms.

(LED1) is toggled each time the time-of-day alarm triggers.

The time-of-day alarm is then rearmed for another 10 sec.  Pressing SW1
will output the current value of the RTC to the console UART.

RTC started

Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:00.00

Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:05.11
```
