Examples/MAX32665/Display/README.md, before:

## Description

A basic Display program that use [LVGL Graphics Library](https://lvgl.io/).

This example
-   Works in EvKit-V1 Board that has [LS013B7DH03 Monochrome LCD Display](https://www.sharpsde.com/products/displays/model/ls013b7dh03/).
-   Uses LVGL graphic library to generate graphics.

To create LVGL compatible fonts and images use [Font Converter](https://lvgl.io/tools/fontconverter) and [Bitmap Converter](https://lvgl.io/tools/imageconverter)
To create LVGL compatible screens with drag & drop use [SquareLine GUI Builder](https://squareline.io/)

Please check project.mk to learn how compile lvgl in MSDK

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
Display demo
This example uses LVGL graphics library to manage display
For more demos please check: https://github.com/lvgl/lvgl
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32665/Display/README.md, after:

## Description

A basic Display program that use [LVGL Graphics Library](https://lvgl.io/).

This example
-   Works in EvKit-V1 Board that has [LS013B7DH03 Monochrome LCD Display](https://www.sharpsde.com/products/displays/model/ls013b7dh03/).
-   Uses LVGL graphic library to generate graphics.

To create LVGL compatible fonts and images use [Font Converter](https://lvgl.io/tools/fontconverter) and [Bitmap Converter](https://lvgl.io/tools/imageconverter)
To create LVGL compatible screens with drag & drop use [SquareLine GUI Builder](https://squareline.io/)

Please check project.mk to learn how compile lvgl in MSDK


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
Display demo
This example uses LVGL graphics library to manage display
For more demos please check: https://github.com/lvgl/lvgl
```
