Examples/MAX32660/TMR/README.md, before:

## Description

Three timers are used to demonstrate three different modes of the general purpose timers.

1. A oneshot mode timer, Timer 1 (low-power timer) is used to create an interrupt at a freq of 1 Hz. It prints the status before and after it is used..
2. Timer 0 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 0.3. The PWM frequency is 1000 Hz and the duty cycle is 50%.
3. Timer 2 is configured as 16-bit timer used in continuous mode which is used to create an interrupt at freq of 2 Hz. LED0 (P0.13) will toggle when the interrupt occurs. 

Push PB1 to start the PWM and continuous timer and PB2 to start the oneshot timer.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the USB connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
************************** Timer Example **************************

1. A continuous mode timer is used to create an interrupt at freq of 2 Hz.
   LED0 (Port 0.13) will toggle each time the interrupt occurs.

2. Timer 0 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 0.3.
   The PWM frequency is 1000 Hz and the duty cycle is 50%.

3. Timer 1 is configured in oneshot mode. It is used once and prints its
   status before and after it is used.

PWM started.

Oneshot timer started.
Oneshot timer finished.

Continuous timer started.
```

You will also observe the LED behavior given in the Description section above.

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32660/TMR/README.md, after:

## Description

Three timers are used to demonstrate three different modes of the general purpose timers.

1. A oneshot mode timer, Timer 1 (low-power timer) is used to create an interrupt at a freq of 1 Hz. It prints the status before and after it is used..
2. Timer 0 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 0.3. The PWM frequency is 1000 Hz and the duty cycle is 50%.
3. Timer 2 is configured as 16-bit timer used in continuous mode which is used to create an interrupt at freq of 2 Hz. LED0 (P0.13) will toggle when the interrupt occurs. 

Push PB1 to start the PWM and continuous timer and PB2 to start the oneshot timer.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the USB connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
************************** Timer Example **************************

1. A continuous mode timer is used to create an interrupt at freq of 2 Hz.
   LED0 (Port 0.13) will toggle each time the interrupt occurs.

2. Timer 0 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 0.3.
   The PWM frequency is 1000 Hz and the duty cycle is 50%.

3. Timer 1 is configured in oneshot mode. It is used once and prints its
   status before and after it is used.

PWM started.

Oneshot timer started.
Oneshot timer finished.

Continuous timer started.
```

You will also observe the LED behavior given in the Description section above.
