Examples/MAX32672/RTC/README.md, before:

## Description

This example demonstrates the use of the Real Time Clock (RTC) and its alarm functionality.

The RTC is enabled and the sub-second alarm set to trigger every 250 ms.
LED D1 is toggled each time the sub-second alarm triggers.  The time-of-day alarm is set to 10 seconds.  When the time-of-day alarm triggers, the rate of the sub-second alarm is switched to 500 ms.

LED D2 is toggled each time the time-of-day alarm triggers. The time-of-day alarm is then rearmed for another 10 sec.  Pressing SW3 will output the current value of the RTC to the console UART.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Select RX0 and TX0 on Headers JP10 and JP11 (UART 0).
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

```
*************************** RTC Example ****************************

The RTC is enabled and the sub-second alarm set to trigger every 250 ms.
LED D1 is toggled each time the sub-second alarm triggers.

The time-of-day alarm is set to 10 seconds.  When the time-of-day alarm
triggers, the rate of the sub-second alarm is switched to 500 ms.

LED D2 is toggled each time the time-of-day alarm triggers.

The time-of-day alarm is then rearmed for another 10 sec.  Pressing SW3
will output the current value of the RTC to the console UART.

RTC started

Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:00.00
Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:13.83
Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:16.49
```

Commit message:

Cleaning Up ME21 Examples (#470)
* Reorganizing ME21 ADC example source code and updating its README.

* Revert "Reorganizing ME21 ADC example source code and updating its README."

This reverts commit c13bece0f835c95084e93fbb672be7500cb578ab.

* Reorganizing ME21 ADC example source code and updating its README. (Re-try)

* Updating Comparator example source code and README.

* Updating CRC example.

* Updating DMA example.

* Updating EEPROM_Emulator example.

* Updating Flash example.

* Updating GPIO example.

* Updating Hello_World example.

* Updating I2C example.

* Updating Flash_CLI example.

* Updating FreeRTOS demo.

* Updating I2C_MNGR example.

* Updating I2C_MNGR example. (Part 2)

* Updating I2C_SCAN example.

* Updating I2C_SCAN example. (Part 2)

* Updating the I2C_Sensor example.

* Updating I2S example.

* Updating ICC example.

* Updating ICC example. (Part 2)

* Updating LP example.

* Updating RTC example.

* Updating RTC_Backup example.

* Updating SPI example.

* Updating Temp_Monitor example.

* Updating Timer example.

* Updating TRNG example.

* Updating UART example.

* First batch of project README updates.

* Updating Watchdog example.

* Updating WearLeveling example.

* Resolving clang-format errors.

Examples/MAX32672/RTC/README.md, after:

## Description

This example demonstrates the use of the Real Time Clock (RTC) and its alarm functionality.

The RTC is enabled and the sub-second alarm set to trigger every 250 ms.
LED D1 is toggled each time the sub-second alarm triggers.  The time-of-day alarm is set to 10 seconds.  When the time-of-day alarm triggers, the rate of the sub-second alarm is switched to 500 ms.

LED D2 is toggled each time the time-of-day alarm triggers. The time-of-day alarm is then rearmed for another 10 sec.

Pressing SW3 will output the current value of the RTC to the console UART.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Select RX0 and TX0 on Headers JP10 and JP11 (UART 0).
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

```
*************************** RTC Example ****************************

The RTC is enabled and the sub-second alarm set to trigger every 250 ms.
LED D1 is toggled each time the sub-second alarm triggers.

The time-of-day alarm is set to 10 seconds.  When the time-of-day alarm
triggers, the rate of the sub-second alarm is switched to 500 ms.

LED D2 is toggled each time the time-of-day alarm triggers.

The time-of-day alarm is then rearmed for another 10 sec.  Pressing SW3
will output the current value of the RTC to the console UART.

RTC started

Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:00.00
Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:13.83
Current Time (dd:hh:mm:ss): 00:00:00:16.49
```
