Examples/MAX32672/WearLeveling/README.md, before:

## Description

Demonstrates flash wear leveling usage on MAX32670 MCU.

MCU internal flash is partitioned as follows:
 -  Application code area: 64kb (Flash memory pages 0 - 7)
 -  Flash storage area: 64kb (Flash memory pages 8 - 15)
 
 The application code area should be defined in the linker script file *"max32672.ld"*:
 
 ```
 MEMORY {
    FLASH (rx) : ORIGIN = 0x10000000, LENGTH = 64K /* 64kB "FLASH" */
    SRAM (rwx) : ORIGIN = 0x20000000, LENGTH = 160K /* 160kB SRAM */
}
 ```
 
The internal storage flash memory block count is specified by *FLASH_STORAGE_PAGE_CNT* macro.
 
 ```
 #define FLASH_STORAGE_PAGE_CNT 8
 ```
 
 that corresponds to 64kb (8 of 8kb blocks) 

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Select RX0 and TX0 on Headers JP1 and JP3 (UART 0).
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***** MAX32672 Wear Leveling *****
Filesystem is mounted
boot_count: 12

Example Succeeded

```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32672/WearLeveling/README.md, after:

## Description

Demonstrates flash wear leveling usage on MAX32670 MCU.

MCU internal flash is partitioned as follows:
 -  Application code area: 64kb (Flash memory pages 0 - 7)
 -  Flash storage area: 64kb (Flash memory pages 8 - 15)
 
 The application code area should be defined in the linker script file *"max32672.ld"*:
 
 ```
 MEMORY {
    FLASH (rx) : ORIGIN = 0x10000000, LENGTH = 64K /* 64kB "FLASH" */
    SRAM (rwx) : ORIGIN = 0x20000000, LENGTH = 160K /* 160kB SRAM */
}
 ```
 
The internal storage flash memory block count is specified by *FLASH_STORAGE_PAGE_CNT* macro.
 
 ```

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

 #define FLASH_STORAGE_PAGE_CNT 8
 ```
 
 that corresponds to 64kb (8 of 8kb blocks) 

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Select RX0 and TX0 on Headers JP1 and JP3 (UART 0).
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***** MAX32672 Wear Leveling *****
Filesystem is mounted
boot_count: 12

Example Succeeded

```
