Examples/MAX78000/CNN/kws20_v3/README.md, before:

## Description

This demo classifies audio into one of 20 different keywords. It is trained with the 2nd version of Google's
speech commands dataset. This dataset consists of 35 keywords and more than 100K utterances.

The code is auto-generated by the ai8x-synthesis tool and runs a known-answer
test with a pre-defined input sample. This example will be enhanced with live capture and TFT
output in the near future.

## Setup
** Required Connections **
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   For the standard EV Kit (EvKit\_V1), connect pins 1 and 2 (P0\_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

** Other **
-	Ensure variable "BOARD" is appropriately selected for the EV Kit you are using (EvKit\_V1 or FTHR\_RevA) in *project.mk*.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
Waiting...

*** CNN Inference Test ***

*** PASS ***

Approximate inference time: 1442 us

Classification results:
[    191] -> Class 0: 0.0%
[-235607] -> Class 1: 0.0%
[-113863] -> Class 2: 0.0%
[ -66589] -> Class 3: 0.0%
[ -38249] -> Class 4: 0.0%
[ 161338] -> Class 5: 30.1%
[-336965] -> Class 6: 0.0%
[  -8646] -> Class 7: 0.0%
[  24210] -> Class 8: 0.1%
[ 109081] -> Class 9: 1.9%
[   9228] -> Class 10: 0.0%
[ -96418] -> Class 11: 0.0%
[-115699] -> Class 12: 0.0%
[ 184492] -> Class 13: 60.3%
[-192648] -> Class 14: 0.0%
[-130068] -> Class 15: 0.0%
[-240222] -> Class 16: 0.0%
[-208509] -> Class 17: 0.0%
[-288923] -> Class 18: 0.0%
[ -88923] -> Class 19: 0.0%
[ 142498] -> Class 20: 7.5%
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX78000/CNN/kws20_v3/README.md, after:

## Description

This demo classifies audio into one of 20 different keywords. It is trained with the 2nd version of Google's
speech commands dataset. This dataset consists of 35 keywords and more than 100K utterances.

The code is auto-generated by the ai8x-synthesis tool and runs a known-answer
test with a pre-defined input sample. This example will be enhanced with live capture and TFT
output in the near future.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

* This project comes pre-configured for the MAX78000EVKIT.  See [Board Support Packages](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/#board-support-packages) in the UG for instructions on changing the target board.

## Required Connections
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   For the standard EV Kit (EvKit\_V1), connect pins 1 and 2 (P0\_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
Waiting...

*** CNN Inference Test ***

*** PASS ***

Approximate inference time: 1442 us

Classification results:
[    191] -> Class 0: 0.0%
[-235607] -> Class 1: 0.0%
[-113863] -> Class 2: 0.0%
[ -66589] -> Class 3: 0.0%
[ -38249] -> Class 4: 0.0%
[ 161338] -> Class 5: 30.1%
[-336965] -> Class 6: 0.0%
[  -8646] -> Class 7: 0.0%
[  24210] -> Class 8: 0.1%
[ 109081] -> Class 9: 1.9%
[   9228] -> Class 10: 0.0%
[ -96418] -> Class 11: 0.0%
[-115699] -> Class 12: 0.0%
[ 184492] -> Class 13: 60.3%
[-192648] -> Class 14: 0.0%
[-130068] -> Class 15: 0.0%
[-240222] -> Class 16: 0.0%
[-208509] -> Class 17: 0.0%
[-288923] -> Class 18: 0.0%
[ -88923] -> Class 19: 0.0%
[ 142498] -> Class 20: 7.5%
```
