Examples/MAX32650/SDHC_Raw/README.md, before:

## Description

This example demonstrates reading and writing to an SD card using both 1-bit and 4-bit data buses and using both blocking and non-blocking methods.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-	Insert a MicroSD card into EV Kit's SDHC slot.

## Expected Output

```
***** 32650 SDHC Example *****
Waiting for card.
Card inserted.
Card Initialized.
Card type: SDHC
SD clock ratio (at card) 4:1
--> 1-bit data bus example <--
blocking read/write ok
Passed blocking
blocking erase ok
blocking erase read ok
Passed erase
non-blocking write ok
non-blocking read ok
Passed async
--> 4-bit data bus example <--
blocking read/write ok
Passed blocking
blocking erase ok
blocking erase read ok
Passed erase
non-blocking write ok
non-blocking read ok
Passed async
--> Blocking, 4-bit data bus, multi-block example <--
 PASS
 *** END OF EXAMPLE ***
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32650/SDHC_Raw/README.md, after:

## Description

This example demonstrates reading and writing to an SD card using both 1-bit and 4-bit data buses and using both blocking and non-blocking methods.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-	Insert a MicroSD card into EV Kit's SDHC slot.

## Expected Output

```
***** 32650 SDHC Example *****
Waiting for card.
Card inserted.
Card Initialized.
Card type: SDHC
SD clock ratio (at card) 4:1
--> 1-bit data bus example <--
blocking read/write ok
Passed blocking
blocking erase ok
blocking erase read ok
Passed erase
non-blocking write ok
non-blocking read ok
Passed async
--> 4-bit data bus example <--
blocking read/write ok
Passed blocking
blocking erase ok
blocking erase read ok
Passed erase
non-blocking write ok
non-blocking read ok
Passed async
--> Blocking, 4-bit data bus, multi-block example <--
 PASS
 *** END OF EXAMPLE ***
```
