Examples/MAX78000/FreeRTOSDemo/README.md, before:

## Description

A basic getting started application for FreeRTOS. 

## Setup

If using the Standard EvKit (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Close jumper JP1 (LED1 EN).
-   Close jumper JP2 (LED2 EN).
-	Select "EvKit_V1" for _BOARD_ in "project.mk"

If using the Featherboard (FTHR_RevA):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-	Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-	Select "FTHR_RevA" for _BOARD_ in "project.mk"

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
-=- MAX78000 FreeRTOS (V10.2.0) Demo -=-
SystemCoreClock = 60000000
Starting scheduler.
Uptime is 0x00000000 (0 seconds), tickless-idle is disabled

Enter 'help' to view a list of available commands.
cmd>
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX78000/FreeRTOSDemo/README.md, after:

## Description

A basic getting started application for FreeRTOS.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

* This project comes pre-configured for the MAX78000EVKIT.  See [Board Support Packages](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/#board-support-packages) in the UG for instructions on changing the target board.

## Required Connections

If using the MAX78000EVKIT (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Close jumper JP1 (LED1 EN).
-   Close jumper JP2 (LED2 EN).
-	Select "EvKit_V1" for _BOARD_ in "project.mk"

If using the MAX78000FTHR (FTHR_RevA)
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-	Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-	Select "FTHR_RevA" for _BOARD_ in "project.mk"

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
-=- MAX78000 FreeRTOS (V10.2.0) Demo -=-
SystemCoreClock = 60000000
Starting scheduler.
Uptime is 0x00000000 (0 seconds), tickless-idle is disabled

Enter 'help' to view a list of available commands.
cmd>
```
