Examples/MAX78002/TMR/README.md, before:

## Description

Three timers are used to demonstrate three different modes of the general purpose timers.

1. A oneshot mode timer, Timer 4 (low-power timer) is used to create an interrupt at a freq of 1 Hz. LED0 (P2.5) will toggle when the interrupt occurs.
2. Timer 0 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 0.2. The PWM frequency is 1000 Hz and the duty cycle is 50%.
3. Timer 1 is configured as 16-bit timer used in continuous mode which is used to create an interrupt at freq of 2 Hz. LED0 (P2.4) will toggle when the interrupt occurs. 

Push PB1 to start the PWM and continuous timer and PB2 to start the oneshot timer.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect the 5V power cable at (5V IN).
-   Close jumper (RX - P0.0) and (TX - P0.1) at Headers JP23 (UART 0 EN).
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Close jumper JP1 (LED1 EN).
-   Close jumper JP2 (LED2 EN).

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
************************** Timer Example **************************

1. A oneshot mode timer, Timer 4 (low-power timer) is used to create an
   interrupt at a freq of 1 Hz. LED2 (P0.3) will toggle when the
   interrupt occurs.

2. Timer 0 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 0.2.
   The PWM frequency is 1000 Hz and the duty cycle is 50%.

3. Timer 1 is configured as 16-bit timer used in continuous mode
   which is used to create an interrupt at freq of 2 Hz.
   LED1 (P0.2) will toggle when the interrupt occurs.

Push PB1 to start the PWM and continuous timer and PB2 to start the
   oneshot timer.

PWM started.

Continuous timer started.
```

You will also observe the LED behavior given in the Description section above.

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX78002/TMR/README.md, after:

## Description

Three timers are used to demonstrate three different modes of the general purpose timers.

1. A oneshot mode timer, Timer 4 (low-power timer) is used to create an interrupt at a freq of 1 Hz. LED0 (P2.5) will toggle when the interrupt occurs.
2. Timer 0 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 0.2. The PWM frequency is 1000 Hz and the duty cycle is 50%.
3. Timer 1 is configured as 16-bit timer used in continuous mode which is used to create an interrupt at freq of 2 Hz. LED0 (P2.4) will toggle when the interrupt occurs. 

Push PB1 to start the PWM and continuous timer and PB2 to start the oneshot timer.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect the 5V power cable at (5V IN).
-   Close jumper (RX - P0.0) and (TX - P0.1) at Headers JP23 (UART 0 EN).
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Close jumper JP1 (LED1 EN).
-   Close jumper JP2 (LED2 EN).

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
************************** Timer Example **************************

1. A oneshot mode timer, Timer 4 (low-power timer) is used to create an
   interrupt at a freq of 1 Hz. LED2 (P0.3) will toggle when the
   interrupt occurs.

2. Timer 0 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 0.2.
   The PWM frequency is 1000 Hz and the duty cycle is 50%.

3. Timer 1 is configured as 16-bit timer used in continuous mode
   which is used to create an interrupt at freq of 2 Hz.
   LED1 (P0.2) will toggle when the interrupt occurs.

Push PB1 to start the PWM and continuous timer and PB2 to start the
   oneshot timer.

PWM started.

Continuous timer started.
```

You will also observe the LED behavior given in the Description section above.
