Examples/MAX32680/I2C_MNGR/README.md, before:

## Description

This example shows how to manage multiple I2C transaction requests to the same I2C instance. To demonstrate, an I2C manager is used to ensure conflicting I2C requests (which could be submitted concurrently) don't interfere with one another.

More specifically, in this example the EEPROM0 task attempts to read data from EEPROM0 every 100ms at a bus frequency of 100kHz and the EEPROM1 task attempts to read data from EEPROM1 every 50ms at a bus frequency of 400kHz. The I2C manager protects the I2C instance from having to service both requests simultaneously by locking the instance while it's executing a transaction. If a transaction request is started while another transaction is executing, the requested transaction will wait for the I2C instance to be unlocked before submitting the request.  

You may change the configuration of each EEPROM's I2C transaction parameters (slave address, bus frequency, EEPROM read address, transaction interval, I2C timeout) by modifying their definitions at the top of main.

## Setup
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins JP22(RX_SEL) and JP23(TX_SEL) to UART1 header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Close jumper JP2 (LED0 EN).
-   Close jumper JP3 (LED1 EN).
-   Connect P0.16 on header JH7 to the SCL line of the I2C Bus.
-   Connect P0.17 on header JH7 to the SDA line of the I2C Bus.
-   Connect two EEPROM IC's to the I2C Bus.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***************** I2C Transaction Manager Demo *****************
Data is read from EEPROM0 every 100ms with an I2C bus frequency
of 100000Hz. And data is read from EEPROM1 every 50ms with an
I2C bus frequency of 400000Hz.

LED0 is toggled each time the read from EEPROM0 is executed and
LED1 is toggled each time the read from EEPROM1 is executed.

Starting scheduler.
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32680/I2C_MNGR/README.md, after:

## Description

This example shows how to manage multiple I2C transaction requests to the same I2C instance. To demonstrate, an I2C manager is used to ensure conflicting I2C requests (which could be submitted concurrently) don't interfere with one another.

More specifically, in this example the EEPROM0 task attempts to read data from EEPROM0 every 100ms at a bus frequency of 100kHz and the EEPROM1 task attempts to read data from EEPROM1 every 50ms at a bus frequency of 400kHz. The I2C manager protects the I2C instance from having to service both requests simultaneously by locking the instance while it's executing a transaction. If a transaction request is started while another transaction is executing, the requested transaction will wait for the I2C instance to be unlocked before submitting the request.  

You may change the configuration of each EEPROM's I2C transaction parameters (slave address, bus frequency, EEPROM read address, transaction interval, I2C timeout) by modifying their definitions at the top of main.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Setup
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins JP22(RX_SEL) and JP23(TX_SEL) to UART1 header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Close jumper JP2 (LED0 EN).
-   Close jumper JP3 (LED1 EN).
-   Connect P0.16 on header JH7 to the SCL line of the I2C Bus.
-   Connect P0.17 on header JH7 to the SDA line of the I2C Bus.
-   Connect two EEPROM IC's to the I2C Bus.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***************** I2C Transaction Manager Demo *****************
Data is read from EEPROM0 every 100ms with an I2C bus frequency
of 100000Hz. And data is read from EEPROM1 every 50ms with an
I2C bus frequency of 400000Hz.

LED0 is toggled each time the read from EEPROM0 is executed and
LED1 is toggled each time the read from EEPROM1 is executed.

Starting scheduler.
```
