Examples/MAX78000/ECC/README.md, before:

## Description

The ECC engine is used to watch for errors in data RAM.  The memory is scanned to ensure no errors exist.  

A word is then modified to have a single bit error.  That word is read and the ECC flags are examined to make sure a correctable error is detected.  The expected behavior here is that the read of the corrupted memory will result in the non-corrupted value, but the ECC error and ECC not double bit error flags will be set.

That same word is modified again to contain a double bit error.  The word is read and the ECC flags are examined to make sure a non-correctable error is reported.

## Setup
##### Building Firmware:
Before building firmware you must select the correct value for _BOARD_  in "project.mk", either "EvKit\_V1" or "FTHR\_RevA", depending on the EV kit you are using to run the example.

After doing so, navigate to the directory where the example is located using a terminal window. Enter the following comand to build all of the files needed to run the example.

```
$ make
```

##### Required Connections:
If using the standard EV Kit (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the Featherboard (FTHR_RevA):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***** MAX78000 SRAM ECC Example *****

This example will corrupt a word of data
and ensure that the ECC interrupts on an error
when the corrupted address is read

Preliminary scan to ensure no pre-existing ECC errors
536975769
PASS: No errors

Data before Corruption: 0xdeadbeef
Address of data: 0x20000e24

Data after single-bit error: 0xdeadbeef
ECC Error:              0x00000001
ECC Not Double Error:   0x00000001
ECC Error Address:      0x20000e24
PASS: An ECC Error was found

Data after double-bit error: 0xdeadbeec
ECC Error:              0x00000001
ECC Not Double Error:   0x00000000
ECC Error Address:      0x20000e24
PASS: An ECC Error was found

# Passed: 3, # Failed: 0, Test Ok
Example Complete
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX78000/ECC/README.md, after:

## Description

The ECC engine is used to watch for errors in data RAM.  The memory is scanned to ensure no errors exist.  

A word is then modified to have a single bit error.  That word is read and the ECC flags are examined to make sure a correctable error is detected.  The expected behavior here is that the read of the corrupted memory will result in the non-corrupted value, but the ECC error and ECC not double bit error flags will be set.

That same word is modified again to contain a double bit error.  The word is read and the ECC flags are examined to make sure a non-correctable error is reported.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

* This project comes pre-configured for the MAX78000EVKIT.  See [Board Support Packages](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/#board-support-packages) in the UG for instructions on changing the target board.

## Required Connections:

If using the MAX78000EVKIT (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the MAX78000FTHR (FTHR_RevA)
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***** MAX78000 SRAM ECC Example *****

This example will corrupt a word of data
and ensure that the ECC interrupts on an error
when the corrupted address is read

Preliminary scan to ensure no pre-existing ECC errors
536975769
PASS: No errors

Data before Corruption: 0xdeadbeef
Address of data: 0x20000e24

Data after single-bit error: 0xdeadbeef
ECC Error:              0x00000001
ECC Not Double Error:   0x00000001
ECC Error Address:      0x20000e24
PASS: An ECC Error was found

Data after double-bit error: 0xdeadbeec
ECC Error:              0x00000001
ECC Not Double Error:   0x00000000
ECC Error Address:      0x20000e24
PASS: An ECC Error was found

# Passed: 3, # Failed: 0, Test Ok
Example Complete
```
