Examples/MAX32672/Flash_CLI/README.md, before:

## Description

This example demonstates the CLI commands feature of FreeRTOS, various features of the Flash Controller (page erase and write), 
and how to use the CTB to compute a CRC value. In the terminal window, type the command that you wish to execute. 
The available commands are:
- "write" (writes a text string to flash), 
- "read" (reads text from flash), 
- "erase" (erases the flash page being operated on) and 
- "crc" (computes the CRC value of the entire flash page.) 

For more details on how to input these commands, enter "help" in the terminal window.

*** NOTE ***: Attempting to overwrite flash will return error. If you want to overwrite an address you must first erase.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Select RX0 and TX0 on Headers JP10 and JP11 (UART 0).
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
*************** Flash Control CLI Example ***************
This example demonstrates the CLI commands feature of FreeRTOS, various features
of the Flash Controller (page erase and write), and how to use the CTB to
compute the CRC value of an array. Enter commands in the terminal window.
Note:
The flash ECC operates on 128-bit words. If ECC is enabled (on default enabled),
flash writes must be completed 128 bits at a time.
This example uses MXC_FLC_Write128 so it will operate correctly when ECC is enabled.


Starting FreeRTOS scheduler.

Enter 'help' to view a list of available commands.
cmd> help
help

help:
 Lists all the registered commands


erase:
 Erases page in flash being operated on

write <word offset> <text>:
 Writes text string to flash starting at the 32-bit word in the flash page
 specified by "word offset" (e.g. word offset=3 -> address offset=0xC,
 word offset=4 -> address offset=0x10)

read <word offset> <number of letters>:
 Reads text from flash starting at the 32-bit word in the flash page
 specified by "word offset" (e.g. word offset=3 -> address offset=0xC,
 word offset=4 -> address offset=0x10)

crc:
 Calculates CRC of entire flash page

cmd> erase
erase
Success

cmd> crc
crc
CRC: 0x4BD6CBCA

cmd> write 19 DEADBEEF
write 19 DEADBEEF
Write addr 0x1007E04C: D
Write addr 0x1007E050: E
Write addr 0x1007E054: A
Write addr 0x1007E058: D
Write addr 0x1007E05C: B
Write addr 0x1007E060: E
Write addr 0x1007E064: E
Write addr 0x1007E068: F
Success

cmd> read 19 8
read 19 8
Read addr 0x1007E04C: D
Read addr 0x1007E050: E
Read addr 0x1007E054: A
Read addr 0x1007E058: D
Read addr 0x1007E05C: B
Read addr 0x1007E060: E
Read addr 0x1007E064: E
Read addr 0x1007E068: F
Success:
DEADBEEF

cmd> crc
crc
CRC: 0x540FE1C5

cmd>
```

Commit message:

Cleaning Up ME21 Examples (#470)
* Reorganizing ME21 ADC example source code and updating its README.

* Revert "Reorganizing ME21 ADC example source code and updating its README."

This reverts commit c13bece0f835c95084e93fbb672be7500cb578ab.

* Reorganizing ME21 ADC example source code and updating its README. (Re-try)

* Updating Comparator example source code and README.

* Updating CRC example.

* Updating DMA example.

* Updating EEPROM_Emulator example.

* Updating Flash example.

* Updating GPIO example.

* Updating Hello_World example.

* Updating I2C example.

* Updating Flash_CLI example.

* Updating FreeRTOS demo.

* Updating I2C_MNGR example.

* Updating I2C_MNGR example. (Part 2)

* Updating I2C_SCAN example.

* Updating I2C_SCAN example. (Part 2)

* Updating the I2C_Sensor example.

* Updating I2S example.

* Updating ICC example.

* Updating ICC example. (Part 2)

* Updating LP example.

* Updating RTC example.

* Updating RTC_Backup example.

* Updating SPI example.

* Updating Temp_Monitor example.

* Updating Timer example.

* Updating TRNG example.

* Updating UART example.

* First batch of project README updates.

* Updating Watchdog example.

* Updating WearLeveling example.

* Resolving clang-format errors.

Examples/MAX32672/Flash_CLI/README.md, after:

## Description

This example demonstates the CLI commands feature of FreeRTOS, various features of the Flash Controller (page erase and write), 
and how to use the CTB to compute a CRC value. In the terminal window, type the command that you wish to execute. 
The available commands are:
- "write" (writes a text string to flash), 
- "read" (reads text from flash), 
- "erase" (erases the flash page being operated on) and 
- "crc" (computes the CRC value of the entire flash page.) 

For more details on how to input these commands, enter "help" in the terminal window.

*** NOTE ***: Attempting to overwrite flash will return error. If you want to overwrite an address you must first erase.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Select RX0 and TX0 on Headers JP10 and JP11 (UART 0).
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
*************** Flash Control CLI Example ***************
This example demonstrates the CLI commands feature of FreeRTOS, various features
of the Flash Controller (page erase and write), and how to use the CTB to
compute the CRC value of an array. Enter commands in the terminal window.
Note:
The flash ECC operates on 128-bit words. If ECC is enabled (on default enabled),
flash writes must be completed 128 bits at a time.
This example uses MXC_FLC_Write128 so it will operate correctly when ECC is enabled.


Starting FreeRTOS scheduler.

Enter 'help' to view a list of available commands.
cmd> help
help

help:
 Lists all the registered commands


erase:
 Erases page in flash being operated on

write <word offset> <text>:
 Writes text string to flash starting at the 32-bit word in the flash page
 specified by "word offset" (e.g. word offset=3 -> address offset=0xC,
 word offset=4 -> address offset=0x10)

read <word offset> <number of letters>:
 Reads text from flash starting at the 32-bit word in the flash page
 specified by "word offset" (e.g. word offset=3 -> address offset=0xC,
 word offset=4 -> address offset=0x10)

crc:
 Calculates CRC of entire flash page

cmd> erase
erase
Success

cmd> crc
crc
CRC: 0x4BD6CBCA

cmd> write 19 DEADBEEF
write 19 DEADBEEF
Write addr 0x1007E04C: D
Write addr 0x1007E050: E
Write addr 0x1007E054: A
Write addr 0x1007E058: D
Write addr 0x1007E05C: B
Write addr 0x1007E060: E
Write addr 0x1007E064: E
Write addr 0x1007E068: F
Success

cmd> read 19 8
read 19 8
Read addr 0x1007E04C: D
Read addr 0x1007E050: E
Read addr 0x1007E054: A
Read addr 0x1007E058: D
Read addr 0x1007E05C: B
Read addr 0x1007E060: E
Read addr 0x1007E064: E
Read addr 0x1007E068: F
Success:
DEADBEEF

cmd> crc
crc
CRC: 0x540FE1C5

cmd>
```
