Examples/MAX32650/Pulse_Train/README.md, before:

## Description

Two pulse trains are configured in different modes.  

The first, PT14, is set to generate a repeating bit pattern of 0x10110 (lsb first) at a rate of 2 bits per second.  If you make the connections described below, you can observe the pattern on LED0. Note: the pattern will be inverted (1's will appear as LED Off and vice versa).

The second, PT15, is set to generate a 10Hz square wave.  If you make the connections described below, you can observe the square wave on LED1.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
- 	Connect P2.28 (PT14) -> PT2.25 (LED0)
-	Connect P0.23 (PT15) -> PT2.26 (LED1)
-	Ensure LED enable jumpers (EN0, EN1) are connected.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
*************** Pulse Train Demo ****************

Please make the following connections: P2.28->P2.25 and P0.23->P2.26
LED0 = Outputs continuous pattern of 10110b at 2bps
LED1 = Outputs 10Hz continuous square wave
SW3  = Stop/Start all pulse trains
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32650/Pulse_Train/README.md, after:

## Description

Two pulse trains are configured in different modes.  

The first, PT14, is set to generate a repeating bit pattern of 0x10110 (lsb first) at a rate of 2 bits per second.  If you make the connections described below, you can observe the pattern on LED0. Note: the pattern will be inverted (1's will appear as LED Off and vice versa).

The second, PT15, is set to generate a 10Hz square wave.  If you make the connections described below, you can observe the square wave on LED1.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
- 	Connect P2.28 (PT14) -> PT2.25 (LED0)
-	Connect P0.23 (PT15) -> PT2.26 (LED1)
-	Ensure LED enable jumpers (EN0, EN1) are connected.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
*************** Pulse Train Demo ****************

Please make the following connections: P2.28->P2.25 and P0.23->P2.26
LED0 = Outputs continuous pattern of 10110b at 2bps
LED1 = Outputs 10Hz continuous square wave
SW3  = Stop/Start all pulse trains
```
