Examples/MAX32672/I2C_SCAN/README.md, before:

## Description

This example uses the I2C Master to find the addresses of any I2C Slave devices connected to the same bus as I2C0.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins JP10(RX_SEL) and JP11(TX_SEL) to RX0 and TX0  header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Close jumpers JP4 and JP5 (I2C0_PU).
-   Connect I2C0 (SCL - P0.6, SDA - P0.7) to I2C bus.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
******** I2C SLAVE ADDRESS SCANNER *********

This example finds the addresses of any I2C Slave devices connected to the
same bus as I2C0 (SCL - P0.6, SDA - P0.7). Enable I2C0 pullup resistors
by connecting jumpers JP4 and JP5.
-->I2C Master Initialization Complete
-->Scanning started
.........................................................................
Found slave ID 080; 0x50
.......................................
-->Scan finished. 1 devices found
```

Commit message:

Cleaning Up ME21 Examples (#470)
* Reorganizing ME21 ADC example source code and updating its README.

* Revert "Reorganizing ME21 ADC example source code and updating its README."

This reverts commit c13bece0f835c95084e93fbb672be7500cb578ab.

* Reorganizing ME21 ADC example source code and updating its README. (Re-try)

* Updating Comparator example source code and README.

* Updating CRC example.

* Updating DMA example.

* Updating EEPROM_Emulator example.

* Updating Flash example.

* Updating GPIO example.

* Updating Hello_World example.

* Updating I2C example.

* Updating Flash_CLI example.

* Updating FreeRTOS demo.

* Updating I2C_MNGR example.

* Updating I2C_MNGR example. (Part 2)

* Updating I2C_SCAN example.

* Updating I2C_SCAN example. (Part 2)

* Updating the I2C_Sensor example.

* Updating I2S example.

* Updating ICC example.

* Updating ICC example. (Part 2)

* Updating LP example.

* Updating RTC example.

* Updating RTC_Backup example.

* Updating SPI example.

* Updating Temp_Monitor example.

* Updating Timer example.

* Updating TRNG example.

* Updating UART example.

* First batch of project README updates.

* Updating Watchdog example.

* Updating WearLeveling example.

* Resolving clang-format errors.

Examples/MAX32672/I2C_SCAN/README.md, after:

## Description

This example finds the addresses of any I2C Slave devices connected to the bus.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins JP10(RX_SEL) and JP11(TX_SEL) to RX0 and TX0  header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Close jumpers JP4 and JP5 (I2C0_PU).
-   Connect I2C0 (SCL - P0.6, SDA - P0.7) to I2C bus.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
******** I2C SLAVE ADDRESS SCANNER *********

This example finds the addresses of any I2C Slave devices connected to the
same bus as I2C0 (SCL - P0.6, SDA - P0.7). Enable I2C0 pullup resistors
by connecting jumpers JP4 and JP5.
-->I2C Master Initialization Complete
-->Scanning started
.........................................................................
Found slave ID 080; 0x50
.......................................
-->Scan finished. 1 devices found
```
