Examples/MAX32690/UART/README.md, before:

## Description

This application uses two serial ports to send and receive data.  One serial port transmits data while the other receives it.

## Setup

##### Board Selection
Before building firmware you must select the correct value for _BOARD_  in "[project.mk](project.mk)", either "EvKit\_V1" or "FTHR\_Apps\_P1", depending on the board version you are using to run the example.

##### Required Connections
If using the Standard EV Kit (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Install JP8(TX_EN) header.
-   Remove JP7(RX_EN) header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Connect pins P2.12->P1.9.

If using the Featherboard (FTHR\_Apps\_P1):
-   Only one UART instance available. Example not supported.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
**************** UART Example ******************
This example sends data from one UART to another

The green LED will illuminate for successful transaction.
The red LED will illuminate if transaction failed.

Remove JP7(RX_EN) header.
Connect UART0 to UART2 (P2.12->P1.9) for this example.


-->UART Baud    : 115200 Hz

-->Test Length  : 1024 bytes
-->UART Initialized

-->Data verified

-->Example Succeeded
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32690/UART/README.md, after:

## Description

This application uses two serial ports to send and receive data.  One serial port transmits data while the other receives it.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Install JP8(TX_EN) header.
-   Remove JP7(RX_EN) header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Connect pins P2.12->P1.9.

If using the Featherboard (FTHR\_Apps\_P1):
-   Only one UART instance available. Example not supported.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
**************** UART Example ******************
This example sends data from one UART to another

The green LED will illuminate for successful transaction.
The red LED will illuminate if transaction failed.

Remove JP7(RX_EN) header.
Connect UART0 to UART2 (P2.12->P1.9) for this example.


-->UART Baud    : 115200 Hz

-->Test Length  : 1024 bytes
-->UART Initialized

-->Data verified

-->Example Succeeded
```
