Examples/MAX32665/ECC/README.md, before:

## Description

TBD<!--TBD-->

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***** MAX32665 SRAM ECC Example *****

This example will corrupt a word of data
and ensure that the ECC interrupts on an error
when the corrupted address is read

Preliminary scan to ensure no pre-existing ECC errors
537329664
PASS: No errors

Data before Corruption: 0xdeadbeef
Address of data: 0x20000c50

Data after single-bit error: 0xdeadbeef
ECC Error:              0x00000001
ECC Not Double Error:   0x00000001
ECC Error Address:      0x20000c50
PASS: An ECC Error was found

Data after double-bit error: 0xdeadbeec
ECC Error:              0x00000001
ECC Not Double Error:   0x00000000
ECC Error Address:      0x20000c50
PASS: An ECC Error was found

# Passed: 3, # Failed: 0, Test Ok
Example Complete

```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32665/ECC/README.md, after:

## Description

TBD<!--TBD-->


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***** MAX32665 SRAM ECC Example *****

This example will corrupt a word of data
and ensure that the ECC interrupts on an error
when the corrupted address is read

Preliminary scan to ensure no pre-existing ECC errors
537329664
PASS: No errors

Data before Corruption: 0xdeadbeef
Address of data: 0x20000c50

Data after single-bit error: 0xdeadbeef
ECC Error:              0x00000001
ECC Not Double Error:   0x00000001
ECC Error Address:      0x20000c50
PASS: An ECC Error was found

Data after double-bit error: 0xdeadbeec
ECC Error:              0x00000001
ECC Not Double Error:   0x00000000
ECC Error Address:      0x20000c50
PASS: An ECC Error was found

# Passed: 3, # Failed: 0, Test Ok
Example Complete

```
