Examples/MAX32680/ICC/README.md, before:

## Description

This example demonstrates the time differences when running code with the instruction cache on vs. off.  It runs four trials, reporting the time required for each.  The trials are:

1. Perform 2.5 million multiplies in a loop with the instruction cache on.  The variables used in the loop are all declared as 'volatile'.
2.  Perform 2.5 million multiplies in a loop with the instruction cache off.  The variables used in the loop are all declared as 'volatile'.
3. Perform 25 million multiplies in a loop with the instruction cache on.  The variables used in the loop are all local variables.
4.  Perform 25 million multiplies in a loop with the instruction cache off.    The variables used in the loop are all local variables.

## Setup

##### Required Connections
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins JP22(RX_SEL) and JP23(TX_SEL) to UART1 header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
******** ICC Example ********

***** Volatile  Example *****

With instruction cache enabled:
0%,      k=0
10%,     k=500
20%,     k=1000
30%,     k=1500
40%,     k=2000
50%,     k=2500
60%,     k=3000
70%,     k=3500
80%,     k=4000
90%,     k=4500

Time Elapsed: 1.17713 Seconds


With instruction cache disabled:
0%,      k=0
10%,     k=500
20%,     k=1000
30%,     k=1500
40%,     k=2000
50%,     k=2500
60%,     k=3000
70%,     k=3500
80%,     k=4000
90%,     k=4500

Time Elapsed: 2.599812 Seconds


***** Non-volatile Example *****

With instruction cache enabled:
10%,     k=500
20%,     k=1000
30%,     k=1500
40%,     k=2000
50%,     k=2500
60%,     k=3000
70%,     k=3500
80%,     k=4000
90%,     k=4500
100%,    k=5000

Time Elapsed: 2.92432 Seconds


With instruction cache disabled:
10%,     k=500
20%,     k=1000
30%,     k=1500
40%,     k=2000
50%,     k=2500
60%,     k=3000
70%,     k=3500
80%,     k=4000
90%,     k=4500
100%,    k=5000

Time Elapsed: 15.845614 Seconds


Example Succeeded
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32680/ICC/README.md, after:

## Description

This example demonstrates the time differences when running code with the instruction cache on vs. off.  It runs four trials, reporting the time required for each.  The trials are:

1. Perform 2.5 million multiplies in a loop with the instruction cache on.  The variables used in the loop are all declared as 'volatile'.
2.  Perform 2.5 million multiplies in a loop with the instruction cache off.  The variables used in the loop are all declared as 'volatile'.
3. Perform 25 million multiplies in a loop with the instruction cache on.  The variables used in the loop are all local variables.
4.  Perform 25 million multiplies in a loop with the instruction cache off.    The variables used in the loop are all local variables.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Setup

##### Required Connections
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins JP22(RX_SEL) and JP23(TX_SEL) to UART1 header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
******** ICC Example ********

***** Volatile  Example *****

With instruction cache enabled:
0%,      k=0
10%,     k=500
20%,     k=1000
30%,     k=1500
40%,     k=2000
50%,     k=2500
60%,     k=3000
70%,     k=3500
80%,     k=4000
90%,     k=4500

Time Elapsed: 1.17713 Seconds


With instruction cache disabled:
0%,      k=0
10%,     k=500
20%,     k=1000
30%,     k=1500
40%,     k=2000
50%,     k=2500
60%,     k=3000
70%,     k=3500
80%,     k=4000
90%,     k=4500

Time Elapsed: 2.599812 Seconds


***** Non-volatile Example *****

With instruction cache enabled:
10%,     k=500
20%,     k=1000
30%,     k=1500
40%,     k=2000
50%,     k=2500
60%,     k=3000
70%,     k=3500
80%,     k=4000
90%,     k=4500
100%,    k=5000

Time Elapsed: 2.92432 Seconds


With instruction cache disabled:
10%,     k=500
20%,     k=1000
30%,     k=1500
40%,     k=2000
50%,     k=2500
60%,     k=3000
70%,     k=3500
80%,     k=4000
90%,     k=4500
100%,    k=5000

Time Elapsed: 15.845614 Seconds


Example Succeeded
```
