Examples/MAX32675/CRC/README.md, before:

## Description

This example demonstrates the various uses of the Flash Memory Controller. Initially the flash memory is cleared using the mass erase feature. Then several pages are initialized with random data. And finally one of the pages that was initialized is erased using the page erase feature. After each of these steps the flash memory is read and the previous operation is verified. 

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***** Flash Control Example *****
Flash erased.
Flash mass erase is verified.
Writing 8192 32-bit words to flash
Size of testdata : 32768
Word 0 written properly and has been verified.
Word 1 written properly and has been verified.
Word 2 written properly and has been verified.
Word 3 written properly and has been verified.
Word 4 written properly and has been verified.
Word 5 written properly and has been verified.
Word 6 written properly and has been verified.
Word 7 written properly and has been verified.
Word 8 written properly and has been verified.
Word 9 written properly and has been verified.
Word 10 written properly and has been verified.
Word 11 written properly and has been verified.
Word 12 written properly and has been verified.
Word 13 written properly and has been verified.
Word 14 written properly and has been verified.
Word 15 written properly and has been verified.
Continuing for 8176 more words...
Page Erase is verified
Flash Erase is verified

Example Succeeded
```

Commit message:

Add UG section and build notes to all READMEs that have a description

Examples/MAX32675/CRC/README.md, after:

## Description

This example demonstrates the various uses of the Flash Memory Controller. Initially the flash memory is cleared using the mass erase feature. Then several pages are initialized with random data. And finally one of the pages that was initialized is erased using the page erase feature. After each of these steps the flash memory is read and the previous operation is verified. 


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***** Flash Control Example *****
Flash erased.
Flash mass erase is verified.
Writing 8192 32-bit words to flash
Size of testdata : 32768
Word 0 written properly and has been verified.
Word 1 written properly and has been verified.
Word 2 written properly and has been verified.
Word 3 written properly and has been verified.
Word 4 written properly and has been verified.
Word 5 written properly and has been verified.
Word 6 written properly and has been verified.
Word 7 written properly and has been verified.
Word 8 written properly and has been verified.
Word 9 written properly and has been verified.
Word 10 written properly and has been verified.
Word 11 written properly and has been verified.
Word 12 written properly and has been verified.
Word 13 written properly and has been verified.
Word 14 written properly and has been verified.
Word 15 written properly and has been verified.
Continuing for 8176 more words...
Page Erase is verified
Flash Erase is verified

Example Succeeded
```
