Examples/MAX32672/TMR/README.md, before:

## Description

Three timers are used to demonstrate three different modes of the general purpose timers.

1. A continuous mode timer is used to create an interrupt at freq of 4 Hz. LED0 will toggle each time the interrupt occurs.

2. Timer 0 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 0.5. The PWM frequency is 1000 Hz and the duty cycle is 50%.

3. Timer 1 is configured as 16-bit timer used in oneshot mode which is used to create an interrupt at freq of 1 Hz. LED1 will toggle when the interrupt occurs.

LED pins on EvKit board:  LED0:P0.22  LED1:P0.23
LED pins on FTHR  board:  LED0:P0.2   LED1:P0.3

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Select RX0 and TX0 on Headers JP10 and JP11 (UART 0).
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
************************** Timer Example **************************

1. A continuous mode timer is used to create an interrupt at freq of 4 Hz.
   LED0 (Port 0.22) will toggle each time the interrupt occurs.

2. Timer 0 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 0.5.
   The PWM frequency is 1000 Hz and the duty cycle is 50%.

3. Timer 1 is configured as 16-bit timer used in oneshot mode
   which is used to create an interrupt at freq of 1 Hz.
   LED1 (Port 0.23) will toggle when the interrupt occurs.

PWM started.

Continuous timer started.

Oneshot timer started.
```

You will also observe the LED behavior given in the Description section above.

Commit message:

Cleaning Up ME21 Examples (#470)
* Reorganizing ME21 ADC example source code and updating its README.

* Revert "Reorganizing ME21 ADC example source code and updating its README."

This reverts commit c13bece0f835c95084e93fbb672be7500cb578ab.

* Reorganizing ME21 ADC example source code and updating its README. (Re-try)

* Updating Comparator example source code and README.

* Updating CRC example.

* Updating DMA example.

* Updating EEPROM_Emulator example.

* Updating Flash example.

* Updating GPIO example.

* Updating Hello_World example.

* Updating I2C example.

* Updating Flash_CLI example.

* Updating FreeRTOS demo.

* Updating I2C_MNGR example.

* Updating I2C_MNGR example. (Part 2)

* Updating I2C_SCAN example.

* Updating I2C_SCAN example. (Part 2)

* Updating the I2C_Sensor example.

* Updating I2S example.

* Updating ICC example.

* Updating ICC example. (Part 2)

* Updating LP example.

* Updating RTC example.

* Updating RTC_Backup example.

* Updating SPI example.

* Updating Temp_Monitor example.

* Updating Timer example.

* Updating TRNG example.

* Updating UART example.

* First batch of project README updates.

* Updating Watchdog example.

* Updating WearLeveling example.

* Resolving clang-format errors.

Examples/MAX32672/TMR/README.md, after:

## Description

Three timers are used to demonstrate three different modes of the general purpose timers.

1. Timer 3 is used in continuous mode to generate an interrupt at a frequency of 4 Hz. LED0 will toggle each time the interrupt
   is triggered.
2. Timer 2 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 0.5. The PWM frequency is 1000 Hz and the duty cycle is 75%.
3. Timer 1 is configured as a 16-bit timer in oneshot mode that generates an interrupt at a frequency of 1 Hz. LED1 will toggle when the oneshot interrupt is triggered.

LED pins on EvKit board:  LED0:P0.22  LED1:P0.23
LED pins on FTHR  board:  LED0:P0.2   LED1:P0.3

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Select RX0 and TX0 on Headers JP10 and JP11 (UART 0).
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
************************** Timer Example **************************

1. Timer 3 is used in continuous mode to generate an interrupt at
   a frequency of 4 Hz. LED0 will toggle each time the interrupt
   is triggered.

2. Timer 2 is used to output a PWM signal on Port 0.5. The PWM
   frequency is 1000 Hz and the duty cycle is 75%.

3. Timer 1 is configured as a 16-bit timer in oneshot mode that
   generates an interrupt at a frequency of 1 Hz. LED1 will toggle
   when the oneshot interrupt is triggered.

PWM started.

Continuous timer started.

Oneshot timer started.
```

You will also observe the LED behavior given in the Description section above.
