Examples/MAX32672/SPI/README.md, before:

## Description

This example configures the SPI to send data between the MISO (P0.14 - AIN6) and MOSI (P0.15 - AIN7) pins.  Connect these two pins together.

Multiple word sizes (2 through 16 bits) are demonstrated.

By default, the example performs blocking SPI transactions.  To switch to non-blocking (asynchronous) transactions, undefine the MASTERSYNC macro and define the MASTERASYNC macro.  To use DMA transactions, define the MASTERDMA macro instead.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Select RX0 and TX0 on Headers JP10 and JP11 (UART 0).
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Connect pins labeled P0.14 (AIN6) and P0.15 (AIN7) together.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
**************************** SPI MASTER TEST *************************
This example configures the SPI to send data between the MISO (P0.14 - AIN6) and
MOSI (P0.15 - AIN7) pins.  Connect these two pins together.  This demo shows SPI
sending different bit sizes each run through.

This demo shows Asynchronous, Synchronous and DMA transaction for SPI1

--> 2 Bits Transaction Successful

--> 3 Bits Transaction Successful

--> 4 Bits Transaction Successful

--> 5 Bits Transaction Successful

--> 6 Bits Transaction Successful

--> 7 Bits Transaction Successful

--> 8 Bits Transaction Successful

--> 9 Bits Transaction Successful

-->10 Bits Transaction Successful

-->11 Bits Transaction Successful

-->12 Bits Transaction Successful

-->13 Bits Transaction Successful

-->14 Bits Transaction Successful

-->15 Bits Transaction Successful

-->16 Bits Transaction Successful
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32672/SPI/README.md, after:

## Description

This example configures the SPI to send data between the MISO (P0.14 - AIN6) and MOSI (P0.15 - AIN7) pins.  Connect these two pins together.

Multiple word sizes (2 through 16 bits) are demonstrated.

By default, the example performs blocking SPI transactions.  To switch to non-blocking (asynchronous) transactions, undefine the MASTERSYNC macro and define the MASTERASYNC macro.  To use DMA transactions, define the MASTERDMA macro instead.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Select RX0 and TX0 on Headers JP10 and JP11 (UART 0).
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Connect pins labeled P0.14 (AIN6) and P0.15 (AIN7) together.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
**************************** SPI MASTER TEST *************************
This example configures the SPI to send data between the MISO (P0.14 - AIN6) and
MOSI (P0.15 - AIN7) pins.  Connect these two pins together.  This demo shows SPI
sending different bit sizes each run through.

This demo shows Asynchronous, Synchronous and DMA transaction for SPI1

--> 2 Bits Transaction Successful

--> 3 Bits Transaction Successful

--> 4 Bits Transaction Successful

--> 5 Bits Transaction Successful

--> 6 Bits Transaction Successful

--> 7 Bits Transaction Successful

--> 8 Bits Transaction Successful

--> 9 Bits Transaction Successful

-->10 Bits Transaction Successful

-->11 Bits Transaction Successful

-->12 Bits Transaction Successful

-->13 Bits Transaction Successful

-->14 Bits Transaction Successful

-->15 Bits Transaction Successful

-->16 Bits Transaction Successful
```
