Examples/MAX32655/AES/README.md, before:

## Description

This application demonstrates both encryption and decryption using AES.  A block of data is encrypted.  The resulting encrypted data is then decrypted.  The new plain text is then compared with the original plain text to confirm they match.  This is repeated three times using a different key size each time.


## Setup

##### Board Selection
Before building firmware you must select the correct value for _BOARD_  in "project.mk", either "EvKit\_V1" or "FTHR\_Apps\_P1", depending on the EV kit you are using to run the example.

##### Required Connections
If using the standard EV Kit (EvKit\_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins JP4(RX_SEL) and JP5(TX_SEL) to RX0 and TX0  header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the featherboard (FTHR\_Apps\_P1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the J4 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the board's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***** AES Example *****

AES 128 bits Key Test
Data Verified

AES 192 bits Key Test
Data Verified

AES 256 bits Key Test
Data Verified

Example Succeeded
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32655/AES/README.md, after:

## Description

This application demonstrates both encryption and decryption using AES.  A block of data is encrypted.  The resulting encrypted data is then decrypted.  The new plain text is then compared with the original plain text to confirm they match.  This is repeated three times using a different key size each time.



## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Setup

##### Board Selection
Before building firmware you must select the correct value for _BOARD_  in "project.mk", either "EvKit\_V1" or "FTHR\_Apps\_P1", depending on the EV kit you are using to run the example.

##### Required Connections
If using the standard EV Kit (EvKit\_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins JP4(RX_SEL) and JP5(TX_SEL) to RX0 and TX0  header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the featherboard (FTHR\_Apps\_P1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the J4 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the board's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***** AES Example *****

AES 128 bits Key Test
Data Verified

AES 192 bits Key Test
Data Verified

AES 256 bits Key Test
Data Verified

Example Succeeded
```
