Examples/MAX78000/ADC/README.md, before:

## Description

Demonstrates the use of the ADC by continuously monitoring ADC input channel (AIN0 on the EvKit and AIN3 on the featherboard).  Vary the voltage on the AIN input from 0V to 0.9V to observe different readings from the ADC.  

High and low limits are set arbitrarily to demonstrate the detection of overvoltage and undervoltage conditions respectively.  If the ADC reading exceeds 0x300, the example will report that the high limit has been reached.  If the ADC reading falls below 0x25, the example will report the low limit has been reached.

Any reading that exceeds the full-scale value of the ADC will have an '*' appended to the value.


## Setup
##### Building Firmware:
Before building firmware you must select the correct value for _BOARD_  in "project.mk", either "EvKit\_V1" or "FTHR\_RevA", depending on the EV kit you are using to run the example.

After doing so, navigate to the directory where the example is located using a terminal window. Enter the following comand to build all of the files needed to run the example.

```
$ make
```

##### Required Connections

If using the standard EV Kit (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Apply an input voltage between 0 and 0.9V to pin A0 of the JH3 (ADC IN) header.

If using the Featherboard (FTHR_RevA):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Apply an input voltage between 0 and 0.9V to the AIN0 pin on the J8 header

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
******************** ADC Example ********************

ADC readings are taken on ADC channel 0 every 250ms
and are subsequently printed to the terminal.

0: 0x01af


0: 0x01af


0: 0x01af


0: 0x01af
    .
    .
    .
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX78000/ADC/README.md, after:

## Description

Demonstrates the use of the ADC by continuously monitoring ADC input channel (AIN0 on the EvKit and AIN3 on the featherboard).  Vary the voltage on the AIN input from 0V to 0.9V to observe different readings from the ADC.  

High and low limits are set arbitrarily to demonstrate the detection of overvoltage and undervoltage conditions respectively.  If the ADC reading exceeds 0x300, the example will report that the high limit has been reached.  If the ADC reading falls below 0x25, the example will report the low limit has been reached.

Any reading that exceeds the full-scale value of the ADC will have an '*' appended to the value.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

* This project comes pre-configured for the MAX78000EVKIT.  See [Board Support Packages](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/#board-support-packages) in the UG for instructions on changing the target board.

## Required Connections

If using the MAX78000EVKIT (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Apply an input voltage between 0 and 0.9V to pin A0 of the JH3 (ADC IN) header.

If using the MAX78000FTHR (FTHR_RevA)
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Apply an input voltage between 0 and 0.9V to the AIN0 pin on the J8 header

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
******************** ADC Example ********************

ADC readings are taken on ADC channel 0 every 250ms
and are subsequently printed to the terminal.

0: 0x01af


0: 0x01af


0: 0x01af


0: 0x01af
    .
    .
    .
```
