Examples/MAX32675/I2C_SCAN/README.md, before:

## Description
This example uses the I2C Master to find the addresses of any I2C Slave devices connected to the same bus as I2C0.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   For EvKit
     -   Connect jumpers JP3 and JP4 (I2C0 pullup resistor enables).
-   Connect I2C0 (SCL - P0.6, SDA - P0.7) to I2C bus.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
******** I2C SLAVE ADDRESS SCANNER *********

This example finds the addresses of any I2C Slave devices connected to the 
I2C0 line (SCL - P0.6, SDA - P0.7). 
Note: please be sure I2C pull-up resistor exist on the I2C0 line.
-->I2C Master Initialization Complete
-->Scanning started
.........................................................................
Found slave ID 080; 0x50
.......................................
-->Scan finished. 1 devices found
```

Commit message:

Add UG section and build notes to all READMEs that have a description

Examples/MAX32675/I2C_SCAN/README.md, after:

## Description
This example uses the I2C Master to find the addresses of any I2C Slave devices connected to the same bus as I2C0.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   For EvKit
     -   Connect jumpers JP3 and JP4 (I2C0 pullup resistor enables).
-   Connect I2C0 (SCL - P0.6, SDA - P0.7) to I2C bus.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
******** I2C SLAVE ADDRESS SCANNER *********

This example finds the addresses of any I2C Slave devices connected to the 
I2C0 line (SCL - P0.6, SDA - P0.7). 
Note: please be sure I2C pull-up resistor exist on the I2C0 line.
-->I2C Master Initialization Complete
-->Scanning started
.........................................................................
Found slave ID 080; 0x50
.......................................
-->Scan finished. 1 devices found
```
