Examples/MAX32572/HTMR/README.md, before:

## Description

This example demonstrates features of HTimer. It sets the short interval alarm to trigger every ~2^22 short interval counts (0.5sec).

-   Pressing PB0 (P3.06) will print the current count to the console
-   Pressing PB1 will set the Long Interval alarm to light LED1 in 10000 counts

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/UART0) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
******************** High Speed Timer Example ******************

This example enables the HTMR and sets the short interval
alarm to trigger every ~2^22 short interval counts (0.5sec)
Pressing PB0 (P3.06) will print the current count to the console
Pressing Button 1 will set the Long Interval alarm to light LED1 in 10000 counts

Pressing Button 2 will clear the Long Interval alarm LED1


Timer started.


Current Count 0.088623
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32572/HTMR/README.md, after:

## Description

This example demonstrates features of HTimer. It sets the short interval alarm to trigger every ~2^22 short interval counts (0.5sec).

-   Pressing PB0 (P3.06) will print the current count to the console
-   Pressing PB1 will set the Long Interval alarm to light LED1 in 10000 counts


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/UART0) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
******************** High Speed Timer Example ******************

This example enables the HTMR and sets the short interval
alarm to trigger every ~2^22 short interval counts (0.5sec)
Pressing PB0 (P3.06) will print the current count to the console
Pressing Button 1 will set the Long Interval alarm to light LED1 in 10000 counts

Pressing Button 2 will clear the Long Interval alarm LED1


Timer started.


Current Count 0.088623
```
