Examples/MAX32665/UART/README.md, before:

## Description

This application uses two serial ports to send and receive data.  One serial port transmits data while the other receives it.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
     - For EvKit
        -   Connect the jumper (JP7) to UART0.
        -   Connect the jumper (JP9) to RX0 and the jumper (JP10) to TX1.
-   Connect RX1 to TX0 with a wire.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
**************** UART Example ******************
This example sends data from one UART to another

You will need to connect RX1 of UART1 and TX0 of UART0,
located to the right of the LCD.

Because UART1 is used to receive data,
not all printf statements will be printed to the terminal.

To indicate a successful UART transfer, the green LED (P1_15) will illuminate.
The red LED (P1_14) will illuminate when the transaction fails.

Push SW2 to continue

UART Baud       : 115200 Hz
Test Length     : 512 -->Data verified

-->EXAMPLE SUCCEEDED
```

The green LED (P1_15) will illuminate for successful transaction.
The red LED (P1_14) will illuminate if transaction failed.

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32665/UART/README.md, after:

## Description

This application uses two serial ports to send and receive data.  One serial port transmits data while the other receives it.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
     - For EvKit
        -   Connect the jumper (JP7) to UART0.
        -   Connect the jumper (JP9) to RX0 and the jumper (JP10) to TX1.
-   Connect RX1 to TX0 with a wire.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
**************** UART Example ******************
This example sends data from one UART to another

You will need to connect RX1 of UART1 and TX0 of UART0,
located to the right of the LCD.

Because UART1 is used to receive data,
not all printf statements will be printed to the terminal.

To indicate a successful UART transfer, the green LED (P1_15) will illuminate.
The red LED (P1_14) will illuminate when the transaction fails.

Push SW2 to continue

UART Baud       : 115200 Hz
Test Length     : 512 -->Data verified

-->EXAMPLE SUCCEEDED
```

The green LED (P1_15) will illuminate for successful transaction.
The red LED (P1_14) will illuminate if transaction failed.
