Examples/MAX32690/I2C_Sensor/README.md, before:

## Description

This example demonstrates how to take temperature readings from the MAX31889 using the I2C.

After initialization, a new reading is printed to the terminal every second.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Install JP7(RX_EN) and JP8(TX_EN) headers.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Close jumper JP5 (LED1 EN).
-   Close jumper JP6 (LED2 EN).
-   You must connect P2.8 (SCL), P2.7 (SDA), VDD and GND to corresponding pins of MAX31889 EVKIT_A board (via J3 terminal)

## Expected Output

```
****************** I2C SENSOR DEMO *******************

-->Temperature: 21.920000 °C
-->Temperature: 21.910000 °C
-->Temperature: 21.895000 °C
-->Temperature: 21.924999 °C
-->Temperature: 21.910000 °C
-->Temperature: 21.895000 °C
-->Temperature: 21.889999 °C
-->Temperature: 21.859999 °C
-->Temperature: 21.885000 °C
-->Temperature: 21.904999 °C
-->Temperature: 21.889999 °C
-->Temperature: 21.895000 °C

...
```

## Instructions for Using the MAX31889 Driver

### Opening MAX31889 Sensor Driver
```c
	mxc_i2c_sensor_driver_t MAX31889 = MAX31889_Open();
```



### Initializing the MAX31889
```c
	MAX31889.init(I2C_MASTER, MAX31889_I2C_SLAVE_ADDR0);
```
NOTE: This functions inializes the I2C peripheral used to communicate with the MAX31889, the I2C pins, and the MAX31889 itself.



### Taking a Temperature Reading
```c
	error = MAX31889.read(&temperature);
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32690/I2C_Sensor/README.md, after:

## Description

This example demonstrates how to take temperature readings from the MAX31889 using the I2C.

After initialization, a new reading is printed to the terminal every second.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Install JP7(RX_EN) and JP8(TX_EN) headers.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Close jumper JP5 (LED1 EN).
-   Close jumper JP6 (LED2 EN).
-   You must connect P2.8 (SCL), P2.7 (SDA), VDD and GND to corresponding pins of MAX31889 EVKIT_A board (via J3 terminal)

## Expected Output

```
****************** I2C SENSOR DEMO *******************

-->Temperature: 21.920000 °C
-->Temperature: 21.910000 °C
-->Temperature: 21.895000 °C
-->Temperature: 21.924999 °C
-->Temperature: 21.910000 °C
-->Temperature: 21.895000 °C
-->Temperature: 21.889999 °C
-->Temperature: 21.859999 °C
-->Temperature: 21.885000 °C
-->Temperature: 21.904999 °C
-->Temperature: 21.889999 °C
-->Temperature: 21.895000 °C

...
```

## Instructions for Using the MAX31889 Driver

### Opening MAX31889 Sensor Driver
```c
	mxc_i2c_sensor_driver_t MAX31889 = MAX31889_Open();
```



### Initializing the MAX31889
```c
	MAX31889.init(I2C_MASTER, MAX31889_I2C_SLAVE_ADDR0);
```
NOTE: This functions inializes the I2C peripheral used to communicate with the MAX31889, the I2C pins, and the MAX31889 itself.



### Taking a Temperature Reading
```c
	error = MAX31889.read(&temperature);
```
