Examples/MAX78002/LP/README.md, before:

## Description

This application cycles through the various low power modes. Switching between the different modes can be triggered by either pressing a button (PB1/SW4) or automatically with an RTC alarm. This is configured with the define statements at the top of the application.

Following modes can be tested:

 *            Active mode power with all clocks
 *            Active mode power with peripheral clocks disabled (if USE_CONSOLE is 0)
 *            SLEEP mode
 *            LPM mode
 *            UPM mode
 *            STANDBY mode
 *            BACKUP mode
 *            Power Down mode

## Required Connections:

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect the 5V power cable at (5V IN).
-   Close jumper (RX - P0.0) and (TX - P0.1) at Headers JP23 (UART 0 EN).
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

```
****Low Power Mode Example****

This code cycles through the MAX78002 power modes, using the RTC alarm to exit from each mode.  The modes will change every 4 seconds.

Set the EvKit power monitor display to System Power Mode to measure the power in each mode.

Running in ACTIVE mode.
Entering SLEEP mode.
Waking up from SLEEP mode.
Entering Low power mode.
Waking up from Low power mode.
Entering STANDBY mode.
Waking up from STANDBY mode.
Entering BACKUP mode.

```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX78002/LP/README.md, after:

## Description

This application cycles through the various low power modes. Switching between the different modes can be triggered by either pressing a button (PB1/SW4) or automatically with an RTC alarm. This is configured with the define statements at the top of the application.

Following modes can be tested:

 *            Active mode power with all clocks
 *            Active mode power with peripheral clocks disabled (if USE_CONSOLE is 0)
 *            SLEEP mode
 *            LPM mode
 *            UPM mode
 *            STANDBY mode
 *            BACKUP mode
 *            Power Down mode

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect the 5V power cable at (5V IN).
-   Close jumper (RX - P0.0) and (TX - P0.1) at Headers JP23 (UART 0 EN).
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

```
****Low Power Mode Example****

This code cycles through the MAX78002 power modes, using the RTC alarm to exit from each mode.  The modes will change every 4 seconds.

Set the EvKit power monitor display to System Power Mode to measure the power in each mode.

Running in ACTIVE mode.
Entering SLEEP mode.
Waking up from SLEEP mode.
Entering Low power mode.
Waking up from Low power mode.
Entering STANDBY mode.
Waking up from STANDBY mode.
Entering BACKUP mode.

```
