Examples/MAX32655/I2C_SCAN/README.md, before:

## Description

This example uses the I2C Master to find the addresses of any I2C Slave devices connected to the same bus as I2C1.

Please check schematic diagram to get more information about the discovered devices

## Required Connections
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins JP4(RX_SEL) and JP5(TX_SEL) to RX0 and TX0  header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   You must also connect the pull-up jumpers (JP21 and JP22) to the proper I/O voltage.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
******** I2C SLAVE ADDRESS SCANNER *********

This example finds the addresses of any I2C Slave devices connected to the
same bus as I2C2 (SCL - P0.30, SDA - P0.31). You must connect the pull-up
jumpers (JP21 and JP22) to the proper I/O voltage.
-->I2C Master Initialization Complete
-->Scanning started
.................
Found slave ID 024; 0x18
...............................................................................................
-->Scan finished. 1 devices found
```

Commit message:

Add UG section and build notes to all READMEs that have a description

Examples/MAX32655/I2C_SCAN/README.md, after:

## Description

This example uses the I2C Master to find the addresses of any I2C Slave devices connected to the same bus as I2C1.

Please check schematic diagram to get more information about the discovered devices


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins JP4(RX_SEL) and JP5(TX_SEL) to RX0 and TX0  header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   You must also connect the pull-up jumpers (JP21 and JP22) to the proper I/O voltage.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
******** I2C SLAVE ADDRESS SCANNER *********

This example finds the addresses of any I2C Slave devices connected to the
same bus as I2C2 (SCL - P0.30, SDA - P0.31). You must connect the pull-up
jumpers (JP21 and JP22) to the proper I/O voltage.
-->I2C Master Initialization Complete
-->Scanning started
.................
Found slave ID 024; 0x18
...............................................................................................
-->Scan finished. 1 devices found
```
