Examples/MAX78002/LPCMP/README.md, before:

## Description

This example demonstrates the use of the Analog Comparator to wake up the device from sleep mode. 

The example is configured to use analog channels 0 (P2.0) and 1 (P2.1) as the negative and positive comparator inputs respectively. A wakeup event is triggered when the comparator output transitions from low to high (analog 1 needs to transition from a voltage lower than analog 0 to voltage higher than analog 0).

## Setup

##### Required Connections
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect the 5V power cable at (5V IN).
-   Close jumper (RX - P0.0) and (TX - P0.1) at Headers JP23 (UART 0 EN).
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Close jumper JP1 (LED1 EN).
-   Close jumper JP2 (LED2 EN).
-   Apply the negative comparator input to P2.0 (AIN0/AIN0N).
-   Apply the positive comparator input to P2.1 (AIN1/AIN0P).

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
********** Comparator Example **********

Connect the analog signal used as the positive comparator input to P2.1 (AIN1/AIN0P).
Connect the analog signal used as the negative comparator input to P2.0 (AIN0/AIN0N).

The device will be placed in sleep mode and requires a rising edge of the
comparator output to wakeup.

Press SW2 to begin.

Entering sleep mode.
Waking up.

Entering sleep mode.
Waking up.

Entering sleep mode.
...
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX78002/LPCMP/README.md, after:

## Description

This example demonstrates the use of the Analog Comparator to wake up the device from sleep mode. 

The example is configured to use analog channels 0 (P2.0) and 1 (P2.1) as the negative and positive comparator inputs respectively. A wakeup event is triggered when the comparator output transitions from low to high (analog 1 needs to transition from a voltage lower than analog 0 to voltage higher than analog 0).

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Setup

##### Required Connections
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect the 5V power cable at (5V IN).
-   Close jumper (RX - P0.0) and (TX - P0.1) at Headers JP23 (UART 0 EN).
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Close jumper JP1 (LED1 EN).
-   Close jumper JP2 (LED2 EN).
-   Apply the negative comparator input to P2.0 (AIN0/AIN0N).
-   Apply the positive comparator input to P2.1 (AIN1/AIN0P).

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
********** Comparator Example **********

Connect the analog signal used as the positive comparator input to P2.1 (AIN1/AIN0P).
Connect the analog signal used as the negative comparator input to P2.0 (AIN0/AIN0N).

The device will be placed in sleep mode and requires a rising edge of the
comparator output to wakeup.

Press SW2 to begin.

Entering sleep mode.
Waking up.

Entering sleep mode.
Waking up.

Entering sleep mode.
...
```
