Examples/MAX32675/GPIO/README.md, before:

## Description

Basic GPIO input, output, and interrupts are demonstrated in this example.

PB0 is continuously scanned and whatever value is read on that pin is then output to LED0.  An interrupt is set up on PB1. LED1 toggles when that interrupt occurs.

Please check the board.c file in ${MSDKPath}\Libraries\Boards\MAX32675\${BoardName}\Source path to learn push button and LED pins for specific board.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   For EvKit close
     -   Jumper JP1 (LED0 EN).
     -   Jumper JP2 (LED1 EN).

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
************************* GPIO Example ***********************

1. This example reads P1.11 (SW1) and outputs the same state onto P1.09 (LED0).
2. An interrupt is set up on P1.12 (SW2). P1.10 (LED1) toggles when that
   interrupt occurs.
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32675/GPIO/README.md, after:

## Description

Basic GPIO input, output, and interrupts are demonstrated in this example.

PB0 is continuously scanned and whatever value is read on that pin is then output to LED0.  An interrupt is set up on PB1. LED1 toggles when that interrupt occurs.

Please check the board.c file in ${MSDKPath}\Libraries\Boards\MAX32675\${BoardName}\Source path to learn push button and LED pins for specific board.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   For EvKit close
     -   Jumper JP1 (LED0 EN).
     -   Jumper JP2 (LED1 EN).

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
************************* GPIO Example ***********************

1. This example reads P1.11 (SW1) and outputs the same state onto P1.09 (LED0).
2. An interrupt is set up on P1.12 (SW2). P1.10 (LED1) toggles when that
   interrupt occurs.
```
