Examples/MAX32662/SCPA_OTP_Dump/README.md, before:

## Description

The applet is a small program that loaded into the internal RAM to extend secure ROM capability. 
By the applet user can implement several kinds of needs. In this example OTP content will be dump
by applet mechanism. 
This example will generate .srec file. Then generate SCP (Secure Communication Protocol) package. 

Before build example please set correct silicon (A1, A2...) version you have in MakeFile as below <br />
PROJ_CFLAGS+=-DMAX32662_A1

1. Build the example with scpa configuration ("make scpa")      <br />
2. The SCP package will be generated under scp_packets folder   <br />
3. Send SCP Packages to device with scp_sender or SBT GUI tool  <br />
   Please check: https://pdfserv.maximintegrated.com/en/an/ug7637-secure-boot-tools.pdf  <br />

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cables between the PC and your EvKit connector.
-   Open a console (Powershell or bash) then send scp packages to device.

## Expected Output
    `
    send_scp -c <YOUR_PARTNUMBER> -i UART -s <COMPORT>  scp_packets\packet.list"
    `
[====================================================                    ]  73%


File Name:None                          <br />
Please wait, reading data...            <br />
                                        <br />
****  MAXIM AREA OTP DUMP  ****         <br />
0x10800000: 00 80 02 80 D5 E6 F7 80     <br />
0x10800008: 00 00 80 00 81 D5 66 FB     <br />
0x10800010: 00 00 57 00 00 00 00 80     <br />
0x10800018: A5 A5 5A 5A A5 A5 5A 5A     <br />
0x10800020: A5 A5 5A 5A A5 A5 5A 5A     <br />
0x10800028: A5 A5 5A 5A A5 A5 5A 5A     <br />
0x10800030: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10800038: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10800040: 46 12 00 00 05 53 45 59     <br />
0x10800048: 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 80     <br />
0x10800050: 46 12 00 00 05 53 45 59     <br />
0x10800058: 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 80     <br />
0x10800060: A3 5C 7F 3A 20 4F E3 A1     <br />
0x10800068: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10800070: 68 82 D2 52 2D 2D 00 00     <br />
0x10800078: 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00     <br />
0x10800080: 68 82 D2 52 2D 2D 00 00     <br />
0x10800088: 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00     <br />
0x10800090: 68 82 D2 52 2D 2D 00 00     <br />
0x10800098: 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00     <br />
...

****  END ****                          <br />
[=======================================================                 ]  77%


File Name:None                          <br />
Please wait, reading data...            <br />

****  USER AREA OTP DUMP  ****          <br />
0x10804000: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804008: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804010: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804018: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804020: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804028: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804030: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804038: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804040: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804048: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804050: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804058: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804060: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804068: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804070: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804078: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804080: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804088: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804090: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804098: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040A0: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040A8: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040B0: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040B8: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040C0: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040C8: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040D0: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040D8: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040E0: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040E8: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040F0: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040F8: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />

****  END ****                          <br />
[========================================================================] 100%

Disconnected !                          <br />
SCP session OK                          <br />

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32662/SCPA_OTP_Dump/README.md, after:

## Description

The applet is a small program that loaded into the internal RAM to extend secure ROM capability. 
By the applet user can implement several kinds of needs. In this example OTP content will be dump
by applet mechanism. 
This example will generate .srec file. Then generate SCP (Secure Communication Protocol) package. 

Before build example please set correct silicon (A1, A2...) version you have in MakeFile as below <br />
PROJ_CFLAGS+=-DMAX32662_A1

1. Build the example with scpa configuration ("make scpa")      <br />
2. The SCP package will be generated under scp_packets folder   <br />
3. Send SCP Packages to device with scp_sender or SBT GUI tool  <br />
   Please check: https://pdfserv.maximintegrated.com/en/an/ug7637-secure-boot-tools.pdf  <br />


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cables between the PC and your EvKit connector.
-   Open a console (Powershell or bash) then send scp packages to device.

## Expected Output
    `
    send_scp -c <YOUR_PARTNUMBER> -i UART -s <COMPORT>  scp_packets\packet.list"
    `
[====================================================                    ]  73%


File Name:None                          <br />
Please wait, reading data...            <br />
                                        <br />
****  MAXIM AREA OTP DUMP  ****         <br />
0x10800000: 00 80 02 80 D5 E6 F7 80     <br />
0x10800008: 00 00 80 00 81 D5 66 FB     <br />
0x10800010: 00 00 57 00 00 00 00 80     <br />
0x10800018: A5 A5 5A 5A A5 A5 5A 5A     <br />
0x10800020: A5 A5 5A 5A A5 A5 5A 5A     <br />
0x10800028: A5 A5 5A 5A A5 A5 5A 5A     <br />
0x10800030: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10800038: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10800040: 46 12 00 00 05 53 45 59     <br />
0x10800048: 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 80     <br />
0x10800050: 46 12 00 00 05 53 45 59     <br />
0x10800058: 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 80     <br />
0x10800060: A3 5C 7F 3A 20 4F E3 A1     <br />
0x10800068: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10800070: 68 82 D2 52 2D 2D 00 00     <br />
0x10800078: 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00     <br />
0x10800080: 68 82 D2 52 2D 2D 00 00     <br />
0x10800088: 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00     <br />
0x10800090: 68 82 D2 52 2D 2D 00 00     <br />
0x10800098: 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00     <br />
...

****  END ****                          <br />
[=======================================================                 ]  77%


File Name:None                          <br />
Please wait, reading data...            <br />

****  USER AREA OTP DUMP  ****          <br />
0x10804000: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804008: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804010: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804018: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804020: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804028: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804030: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804038: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804040: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804048: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804050: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804058: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804060: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804068: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804070: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804078: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804080: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804088: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804090: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x10804098: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040A0: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040A8: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040B0: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040B8: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040C0: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040C8: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040D0: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040D8: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040E0: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040E8: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040F0: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />
0x108040F8: FF FF FF FF FF FF FF FF     <br />

****  END ****                          <br />
[========================================================================] 100%

Disconnected !                          <br />
SCP session OK                          <br />
