Examples/MAX32665/USB_CompositeDevice_MSC_HID/README.md, before:

## Description

The example demonstartes the use of USB composite device with Mass Storage driver class and HID driver class. After doing the required connections given below, run the program and two new devices appear in the device manager, a Portable device and a HID keyboard device. The portable device can be read and written to. Open any text editor in the PC, pressing the switch SW1 on the evkit wil print out 'Maxim Integrated' in the editor one letter at a time.

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR/UARTS) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector. Make sure JP6 (2-3) is connected to UART.
-   Default EV kit hardware configuration.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***** MAX32665 USB Composite Device (Keyboard and Mass Storage) Example *****
Waiting for VBUS...
VBUS Connect
Suspended
Bus Reset
Bus Reset
Enumeration complete. Press SW2 to send character.
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX32665/USB_CompositeDevice_MSC_HID/README.md, after:

## Description

The example demonstartes the use of USB composite device with Mass Storage driver class and HID driver class. After doing the required connections given below, run the program and two new devices appear in the device manager, a Portable device and a HID keyboard device. The portable device can be read and written to. Open any text editor in the PC, pressing the switch SW1 on the evkit wil print out 'Maxim Integrated' in the editor one letter at a time.


## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

(None - this project builds as a standard example)

## Required Connections

-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN2 (USB/PWR/UARTS) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector. Make sure JP6 (2-3) is connected to UART.
-   Default EV kit hardware configuration.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
***** MAX32665 USB Composite Device (Keyboard and Mass Storage) Example *****
Waiting for VBUS...
VBUS Connect
Suspended
Bus Reset
Bus Reset
Enumeration complete. Press SW2 to send character.
```
