Examples/MAX78000/TRNG/README.md, before:

## Description

The true random number generator (TRNG) hardware is exercised in this example.  Random values are generated both using the blocking and non-blocking (asynchronous) functions.

## Setup

##### Building Firmware:
Before building firmware you must select the correct value for _BOARD_  in "project.mk", either "EvKit\_V1" or "FTHR\_RevA", depending on the EV kit you are using to run the example.

After doing so, navigate to the directory where the example is located using a terminal window. Enter the following comand to build all of the files needed to run the example.

```
$ make
```

##### Required Connections:

If using the Standard EV Kit (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the Featherboard (FTHR_RevA):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
********** TRNG Example **********

Test TRNG Sync
0x98 0x0b 0x11 0xd9
0x40 0x06 0xe1 0x73
0xf4 0xe6 0x99 0xd5
0x50 0x15 0x37 0x8d

Test TRNG Async
0x7c 0x05 0xe6 0x47
0x25 0x69 0xd2 0x59
0xa7 0x11 0xa9 0xb5
0x8d 0x7d 0x83 0xda

********** Test Complete **********
```

Commit message:

Update User Guide & Readmes (#473)
* Consolidate Cordio docs to User Guide
* Add Cordio BLE documentation to User Guide
* Update all READMEs with links to the online User Guide
* Update all READMEs with project-specific build notes
* General documentation clean up
* Add documentation on custom boards
* Add Examples section to UG
* Add documentation for some missing BSPs

---------

Co-authored-by: Abigail Wolf <abigail.wolf@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: abby wolf <124625843+AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AbbyWolf-ADI <AbbyWolf-ADI@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gillespie <Kevin.Gillespie@analog.com>
Co-authored-by: kevin-gillespie <kevin.gillespie@maximintegrated.com>

Examples/MAX78000/TRNG/README.md, after:

## Description

The true random number generator (TRNG) hardware is exercised in this example.  Random values are generated both using the blocking and non-blocking (asynchronous) functions.

## Software

### Project Usage

Universal instructions on building, flashing, and debugging this project can be found in the **[MSDK User Guide](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/)**.

### Project-Specific Build Notes

* This project comes pre-configured for the MAX78000EVKIT.  See [Board Support Packages](https://analog-devices-msdk.github.io/msdk/USERGUIDE/#board-support-packages) in the UG for instructions on changing the target board.

## Required Connections:

If using the MAX78000EVKIT (EvKit_V1):
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Connect pins 1 and 2 (P0_1) of the JH1 (UART 0 EN) header.
-   Open an terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

If using the MAX78000FTHR (FTHR_RevA)
-   Connect a USB cable between the PC and the CN1 (USB/PWR) connector.
-   Open a terminal application on the PC and connect to the EV kit's console UART at 115200, 8-N-1.

## Expected Output

The Console UART of the device will output these messages:

```
********** TRNG Example **********

Test TRNG Sync
0x98 0x0b 0x11 0xd9
0x40 0x06 0xe1 0x73
0xf4 0xe6 0x99 0xd5
0x50 0x15 0x37 0x8d

Test TRNG Async
0x7c 0x05 0xe6 0x47
0x25 0x69 0xd2 0x59
0xa7 0x11 0xa9 0xb5
0x8d 0x7d 0x83 0xda

********** Test Complete **********
```
